overpriced .
the pizza was pretty bland , despite a hefty helping of oregano .
perhaps because i was indoctrinated into loving this pizza as a small child .
we got the thin crust with steak and bacon and it was awesome !
i had to knock it down a star .
the food was n't good .
went here after a doctors appointment one day .
the pizza was good .
the small salad was n't their best .
the service sucked .
the waitress did n't give us refills and nothing was clean .
she gave us our check but never came back to take our money .
finally , the manager did .
a few years ago but sadly , it closed .
i could n't believe what i was hearing .
service was just ok and they actually got our pizza order wrong .
the pizza was missing a topping that we actually paid for .
ordered delivery which did n't take long at all .
our waitress was rude and did t want to fix the issue .
i would suggest picking up your order instead of delivery .
there was an additional location listed for champaign which turns out to be closer .
the pizza was barely warmer than room temperature .
luckily , uhaul came through and found a truck for me .
what happened to logical customer service ?
as of last spring , they had a parrot .
that was cool .
i had to have all the bedding replaced .
then when i took a shower , i saw that the towels were dirty .
unfortunately , i made the mistake of reserving _ num _ nights here .
everything else was great !
the upstairs area was great !
things i loved about eastland suites : the staff - incredibly attentive , super helpful breakfast - great for the pricepoint extended stay - very comfortable & great for business pool - the kids loved it !
i hired blossom basket for my wedding flowers .
she was patient and helpful as i struggled to figure out my flower design .
the second time i went in , i was paired with a different employee .
she was rude and short with me at times .
used them for my wedding .
everything came out well .
my colors matched perfectly ( even my dream lavender roses !
brittany was awesome to work with !
she also put together beautiful table settings filled with hydrangeas .
they called me back and arranged to have them delivered anyway !
flowers looked good ... .
for about _ num _ hours , then the wilting began .
made a last minute order and within hours it was delivered !
: ) the flowers were gorgeous !
the service was impeccable .
so we had a predicament , one that blossom basket took care of .
blossom basket replaced the arrangement with a new one right away .
both arrangements were creative and pretty .
i did feel the second one looked better .
i could n't believe that they assembled a beautiful bouquet-which lasted for _ num _ weeks !
- and had it delivered within one hour of my call !
they even sent me pictures by email of the flowers and balloons before delivery .
if i could go anywhere else i would .
carle medical supply was a great place for me to get my cpap machine .
thanksgiving _ num _ , my mother was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer .
mom knew she was in good hands .
i was such an avid bus-rider in champaign-urbana .
there was no need to own a car , really .
moving to los angeles was quite a shock to the system .
nyc could learn a thing or two too !
every ride with him was fun , guy always had something to say .
so one afternoon , stopped by to eat a chicken teriyaki sandwich .
looked pretty good .
they served me a half raw chicken sub !
i wanted to get myself some sweet tea but they had none .
cheap and did n't mess them up , so i was happy .
this might have been the worst hair cut i have ever had .
she easily cut _ num _ ( !
it was around 12:30 pm on a friday and the sign said open .
there were to my knowledge _ num _ employees in the salon doing nothing .
i was wrong .
very disappointed and hurt that my business was not accepted here .
the haircut , minus the bangs , was perfect .
friendly service and decently priced for men and women .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut !
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut !
overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts .
i went there today and asked to curl my hair with a straightener .
she told me no .
later she told me she did perms to my hair so dont go here no one speaks proper english and messes up with your hair they were professional and courteous .
they took their time and listened to what i wanted .
overall , i would go again but not in love with the place .
my friends and i would go to rocks just to get horseshoes .
the ob-gyn who was there was fantastic .
this saved me a ton of cash .
it was an outrage .
i recently went to planned parenthood for my birth control needs .
my health care practitioner was professional , courteous , and very friendly .
she made what could have been an uncomfortable experience rather pleasant !
they went above and beyond for quality care and service .
i felt like i was in an interrogation room right from the start .
at the time , i really felt intruded upon .
i did n't want to get pregnant , and that should have been enough .
one that did n't want this job and was perhaps having a bad day .
the nurse practitioner went very slow and explained everything as she did it .
and she made conversation !
request of renewal denied by doctor '' .
how did they put it ?
i loved the big ten games and the energy of the campus .
i would never have picked a different place to spend four years !
the first test average was a _ num _ % and there was no curve .
i did that a lot and it was worth it for the english-speaking tas .
come here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends .
you held out so long for more alumni dollars .
the chief was a total badass , enough said .
i earned a ba and an ms from uiuc .
got it ?
i transferred into uiuc at _ num _ as a junior .
they all felt i was especially when they found out how old i was .
i also transferred into uiuc at _ num _ .
( at least for engineers ) my profs were great , greek system was great ( yeah sk and triangle !
i previously went to marquette university for my freshman and sophomore years .
that said , the school 's trying .
perhaps more importantly , it did prepare me for the world that came after .
if i could go back in time to relive it all , i would !
i was in awe at how beautiful the old buildings were .
yes , you heard that right .
i had a great time here , majored in spanish and minored in french .
i supported myself and my family all because of my degree from here .
then i did and then my younger sister did .
i would think there would be a better representation of many racial groups there .
also , i saw a billboard for an african american homecoming dance .
you see , i was a student there from _ num _ to _ num _ .
the university was less selective in admissions at that time .
indeed i had a roommate who flunked out in his senior year .
freshmen got drunk at kam 's and puked all over the sidewalk .
had my master here in communication .
i attended 2008-2012 and i received an undergraduate degree in biology .
unfortunately they did not maintain high standards .
some of the bricks looked unsteady on the bumpy ground .
the bell tower in the mathematics building was unfortunately closed .
we missed the narrow window of 12:30-1 pm , for a tour .
parking was challenging even just to find a metered spot .
we had an info session and tour for my brother yesterday .
our tour guide was not .
most questions were answered with `` i do n't know '' .
the dorm we saw was so small .
the campus itself was gorgeous , very spread out and green .
the kam was sort of the chicago mca equivalent for me .
a few friends and i had so much fun wandering the place .
went for a friend ; she was opening her mfa exhibition .
one half star knocked off ` cuz was extra-tempted by her claims of wine .
sadly , they only served soda .
i used april 's florist for my wedding , seven years ago .
she did a wonderful job .
worked with me on price , design , etc .
everything was wonderful and she was fun to talk and plan with .
they were so pretty .
i had never heard of april 's florist before finding them online .
my first thought was that they were a bit pricey .
she said they were the best floral arrangement she had ever gotten .
she sent me a picture and i expected less than what you see online .
but they looked exactly like the online advertisement .
was in and out in under _ num _ minutes .
i got my flowers and boy were they beautiful and super fresh !
it tasted okay , but not great .
after my first order from this place i would n't dare order again .
i got the double sauteed pork with `` fried rice . ''
my friend had a tofu dish that was ok .
tasted like bbq sauce mixed with teriyake .
but i was n't in the mood for meat .
so ... i got the veggie lo mein .
it felt like oil slicks in my mouth .
really fast and really reasonably priced .
stopped by empire yesterday for some quick takeout .
cons : decor was sort of confusing and borderline gross .
we wondered what had been living in the empty fishtank near the door .
my friends got sweet and sour chicken .
they said it was alright .
the fried rice was bright yellow - almost saffron-y in color .
the egg roll was disappointing .
i had the pork with ` string beans , ' a.k.a .
also , i would highly recommend the dry chili chicken off the chinse menu .
one time , though , we ordered the lemon chicken .
the staff was friendly and helpful and the food came out pretty quickly .
i would come back .
tried the shrimp fried rice .
had some solid pepper steak .
when my wife was in vet school we ate here every week .
the general tsos tofu was amazing as was the mai fun and mu shu .
had their fried fish thing with some vegetable .
highly recommended !
frequented this establishment many times during college and was always satisfied .
` nuff said .
recently i found a cockroach in the bathroom !
ewww : ( it used to be good .
but today the barista made me so mad !
what was this nice service that everyone speaks off ?
first of all , they never put a sleeve on the cup .
come on !
baristas were a little cranky , but not overly so .
i ordered a soy latte with hazelnut syrup and it was delicious .
inside was quiet and spacious .
they combined the two in my cup .
i asked for less milk , hoping to be able notice some coffee flavor .
tried some coffee here and it was alright .
it tasted as if it were loaded with white pepper .
starbucks became starbucks for a reason .
i could not have been happier leasing from roland realty .
i lived at 702/704 w elm st in urbana for a year .
they were fair with returning the security deposit .
it was relatively cheap , however .
despite my issues with the building , i almost stayed for a second year .
i would definitely recommend living with roland .
_ num _ ) i lost my keys to my apartment .
they said no because it 's not fair for my roommates safety .
they refused , and charged me $ _ num _ dollars !
for some reason they charged me for the key fob after i moved out .
i would rent from them again in a heartbeat .
i recently went back and the place had gone waaay downhill .
dazzling nails saved the day .
every nail salon i could reach was closed except this place .
both of the women who did our mani-pedis were quick but very thorough .
the service was very conscientious and friendly , and the cost very reasonable .
my friend also got her eyebrows waxed at the last minute : - manicure $ _ num _ - pedicure $ _ num _ - eyebrows $ _ num _ i highly recommend this cheap yet thorough salon .
everyone was very nice and accommodating .
the first time i went i got a shellac no-chip manicure .
i would highly recommend this salon to anyone .
i was so glad i chose this salon .
they cleaned up my cuticles and dead skin so everything looks nice and smooth .
the massage chair was awesome !
everyone was nice .
but for _ num _ bucks , i definitely got my money 's worth .
today was my first visit here so i went with an open mind .
it was pretty much what i expected and nothing much exceptional .
they shouted back and forth and laughed very loudly .
it was very annoying .
i did not feel comfortable in this place .
it was n't the cleanest either .
after waiting _ num _ minutes patiently ... one lady started working on her while i proceeded to wait another _ num _ minutes .
- manicurists borrowed tools from each other .
absolutely pitiful i went to get my nails and toes done and left so unhappy .
i got a manicure .
the entire salon and nail stations were disgusting .
there was a layer of acrylic dust on everything .
the place was terrible .
the selection was very limited and picked over and in very bad disarray .
however , i was able to find a few suits to try on .
in broken english she said go ahead .
i had to wait for a dressing room .
when i finally got a room i started to get undressed .
i had no idea men were allowed in woman 's dressing rooms these days !
then i saw a face peeking out from underneath the partition .
she did but her parents did nothing and said nothing .
after i bought the suit i went to macy 's .
hey rachel , was she homely ?
i only went in to grab a shirt very quickly .
i felt completely rushed and a bit chastised , which i hate .
i made the selection without delay .
we were not the only ones left shopping by an means .
this woman 's behavior was flat out rude and off-putting and completely inexcusable .
it was not worth fighting campus traffic to get there .
i went for lip and eye brow waxing .
did a great job on my brows specially .
i would go again .
we spent _ num _ minutes here waiting to make a 4-minute transaction .
we rented a truck online and had our confirmation email and receipt with us .
i called to make a reservation for a truck .
i was told that i had a 4-hour reservation for a $ _ num _ truck .
recently moved from champaign to wyoming .
i ordered a _ num _ ' truck with no extras for my move .
quick summary -- - had a reservation for a truck at 12:45 pm on 8/10 .
came to the store at 12:30 , got my truck at 2:15 .
every other aspect of this experience was hell .
* canned laughter * i 've used u-haul to move before on two occasions .
the interior looked so depressing .
the face of the gm was equally lifeless and depressing .
that aside , the service was beyond slow .
i knew from the past two experiences that i should get in early .
it did n't take _ num _ minutes to get my truck .
it took _ num _ hour and _ num _ minutes to get my truck .
the gm was serving people at the speed of snail .
# suckstosuck # 3spooky5me the gm never greeted me .
never looked at me .
never thanked me .
did n't even apologize for the excruciatingly long wait .
i finished my paperwork and was told to wait outside for him .
i finally walked out of that hell hole and got some fresh air .
i could n't believe it .
as if he could n't have told me that from the beginning ?
i rented a truck in july for a one-way move .
so i decided to make a second personal appearance .
the process took about an hour .
also , the boxes that i bought there fell apart .
my truck was already fitted with a hitch but no wiring .
i really did n't know the first thing about what i needed to buy .
on the day of pick up - the computer system was `` down '' .
no other locations nearby were open or had available trailers in any size .
mr. hubbard was rude , inconsiderate , and unhelpful .
he made no effort to reach a resolution .
he made degrading and insulting remarks in my ability to understand the situation .
many other customers were affected on this same day .
the employees at the establishment were eager and willing to help .
-- -- i contacted uhaul customer service with no response or resolution terribly slow .
i went here on the recommendation of my colleague at work .
otherwise it was a very pleasant experience and i enjoyed it !
could n't really ask for more .
i ended up getting a free sandwich .
i finally decided to give this place a try .
the place seemed clean and the workers were friendly .
i had the california gulch on wheat and my friend had the steam engine .
the sandwich overall had a clean taste .
also when we have had it delivered it has take an hour plus .
did n't even get to try it .
i had ordered online and had prepaid a pretty generous tip .
i got home and began to tear into the sub .
i was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was .
however , i would n't call it the best sub i 've ever eaten .
i came here for some quick and fast subs .
my time was absolutely wasted .
tasted pretty fresh and put together really well .
i saved over $ _ num _ with the hooked deal and the subs were good .
got ta try it , if you have n't already .
i was blown away .
though twice my underaged friend went and got the overage wristband .
been awhile since i 've been here .
guard your jacket unless you want a free drink spilled on it .
overpriced and dirty .
never had any good memories from this place .
guaranteed .
_ num _ ) the people at brothers tend to be so completely and utterly hammered .
just been there once .
crazy cheap for an alum used to chicago bar prices .
tried the broski for four .
done and done .
did we really need that jamba juice ?
they served some of the best comfort food available .
this was _ num _ years ago !
overall , u of i was a very nice campus .
did i mention it was busy ?
only been to the first floor and food court .
i spent countless hours here studying away .
tenant union - if you have issues with your land lord _ num _ .
come study in the president 's lounge .
the basement 's got a variety of quick bites at your service .
oh , did i mention that this place is also a hotel ?
working here was n't the greatest experience + most stories are n't locally relevant .
the tow guy was also super helpful and courteous .
i would avoid this company at all costs !
i had to overpay him .
it looked as if someone had used a crowbar to unlock the car .
of course , this was another $ _ num _ fix at the subaru dealer .
had a great experience , all things considered .
timely , organized , and polite .
that said , thanks reynolds .
my son 's scooter was towed from the front of papa john 's pizza .
cheapest place i called , and the man on the phone was very polite .
it was playing a chinese game show .
i was disappointed with crispy tofu that is not as good as before .
we ordered the seafood pho .
my boyfriend was a little annoyed since he had gotten something completely different .
we then asked for srirarcha ( sp ? )
and got a tiny dollop of it .
it was very salty and unpleasant .
i felt disgusted that i actually ate half since i was so hungry .
multiple theories as to why we were treated this way .
the food i would consider a cross between chinese and taiwanese style comfort food .
there was n't a lot of options , only about _ num _ items .
both of which were disappointing !
the shrimp crepe only had two small pieces of shrimp .
the turnip cake was just off , seemed like it was n't cooked right .
the shui mai and shrimp dumpling were small , but it tasted fine .
not entirely saddened by this experience because at least it was n't expensive .
when they were under previous management , their food was great .
i would pay _ num _ dollars for the intestine dish .
i was pleasantly surprised with this place .
service was n't the best , but it was n't horrifyingly bad either .
the peking pork was fried to perfection and the sauce was very tasty .
in general they were okay .
$ _ num _ something for decent lunch portions with steamed or fried rice .
the tofu , soups , and more traditional dishes looked good .
minuses : the fried american-style dishes were food-court quality .
my companion found a bug in her food .
_ num _ ) shrimp crepes - pretty good ... i would have liked more shrimp though _ num _ ) congee - this came with a pork sausage which was tasty .
the pho was excellent .
soup base was flavorful , noodles chewy , meat offering varied and delicious .
i took my dad there today to give him some dim-sum experience .
went here looking for pho because i was having a huge craving for it .
both were great .
crispy tofu and eggplant were the highlights of the night .
ended up being $ _ num _ pp !
this place had generally good reviews , but i had an entirely different experience .
it was a very disappointing .
i had heard from friends that it was great .
we walked in about 12:15 and did not leave until about 2:30 .
we walked in and it was very hectic .
so we sat there and waited , and waited and waited .
_ num _ minutes had gone by and nothing .
we were very upset because we only had a short lunch break .
about _ num _ minutes later , our first dish came out .
slowly , our little dim sum dishes came out .
our last dish came about _ num _ minutes later from our first dish .
went here many times with friends while i was down at uofi .
that i figured i 'd eat here just to get the taste .
i ordered har gow , shui mai , shrimp spring rolls and beef balls .
total came to about $ _ num _ .
everything was yummy and fairly fast !
i grew up in taiwan so i know what i 'm talking about .
not that good but had no other choice .
i used to eat here frequently .
however , my last two visits were terrible .
they simply served it .
the first time i was not sure .
but apparently they would just keep the overcharge if i had acquiesced .
amazed by the variety of choices .
how could a restaurant try to cook all styles of chinese food .
food was okay , not great but not bad .
the waitress did not even notify me .
i ordered the hot pot and it was n't even a hot pot .
there was no soup ( wtf ) !
i would give zero star if i could .
i said sweet .
the owner explained that the sweet soy sauce was an extra $ _ num _ .
had i not asked she would never had told me .
second time , my friend wanted to come here .
the owner asked whether i want pork belly or port tenderloin for a dish .
i said belly , and a magical one dollar was added to my bill .
then i specially asked whether the rick comes with dishes or not .
she said yes and secretly added another $ _ num _ to my bill .
when i confronted her , she said the rice was $ _ num _ per person .
at this point , i was beyond pissed by this dishonest act .
um , it was okay .
came here for dim sum and incomparable to chicago dim sum .
i came with a large party and we ordered quite a bit of food .
all of the classic dim sum dishes were done fairly well .
everything else we ordered was pretty standard fare .
the doctor i had was completely negligent in correcting a problem she had created .
i saw dr. samuel-parks at the mahomet location to discuss weight loss medication .
dr. samuel-parks was condescending and dismissive .
she just assumed i drink _ num _ calorie frappes . )
she did n't even perform a full physical on me .
my previous review was for carle hospital .
not sure how it showed up here .
something i said ?
which was also supposed to be paid _ num _ % with no co-pay .
additionally , i had some lab work that came back abnormal .
they did further testing without my consent .
today was the last straw .
my experience actually started quite positive .
which they did not do !
i did n't even have the chance to describe all of my symptoms !
at least the doctor seemed friendly .
had a great time here during the day after a bar scramble .
some drunk guy peed on my foot here .
i was only eighteen and not proud to be in the bar .
hell , maybe i stole someone else 's beer .
well , i went back to campus this weekend for the michigan-illinois game .
if you like puke , and freshmen , and freshmen puking , come here .
recently voted as the best place in champaign-urbana to have a one night stand .
the drinks were worse and painfully weak .
i was horrified to see people in formal wear .
guess they were pre-gaming it there ?
however kams did it to me .
these people we met at the football game randomly invited us .
even though my friends warned me , we went anyway .
( it was n't terrible . )
the guys were also buying shots , which helped a lot .
my feet stuck to the floor throughout the entire bar .
the tables probably had n't been cleaned in years .
the staff at this place was something else .
that was the only reason it did n't get one star .
came here _ num _ years after my graduation ... and not much has changed .
it still smelled like vomit , stale beer , and service sucked .
its littered with garbage vomit and broken glass .
i ate a hotdog that they grill outside because they smelled great .
regretted that in _ num _ hours .
i went there for the memories .
this was humiliating at best .
tis was definitely my favorite bookstore !
it always had all my books , with used and new options .
reserving books online was definitely a time saver .
i used to love t.i.s .
outdated ?
two days ago i purchased an iclicker here for $ _ num _ including tax .
this afternoon i attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt .
the staff was helpful .
only offering manzana lift would make things better .
i also bought some candy and a strawberry boing !
drink and the total was only $ _ num _ .
very reasonably priced and worth every bite !
breakfast this great tasting would cost a lot more anywhere else .
he recommended all these fantastic mexican places for me in chicago .
the guac was the best i 've ever had .
i tried carnitas , shredded beef , and chorizo tacos .
all of them were quite delicious !
but the food was n't the only impressive part about this establishment .
tried this place the first week in c-u .
after having read the reviews , i was expecting more .
the woman at the counter was friendly , but the food was disappointing .
there were flies all over the place .
the produce looked so sad and wilted .
been here a few times now and everything tried was spectacular .
tacos w cilantro , onion , and wedge of lime .
i went here a few months ago and had the tacos al pastor .
there were no highchairs , just the one nasty , sticky booster seat .
it was `` _ num _ five alarm hot sauce '' level .
i could barely eat it .
i 'd walked past this place many , many times before actually going in .
ate here for the second & last time a few days ago .
my wife & i both had ` mexi-belly ' the next day .
i noticed that my container felt oily .
shame ` cus i liked the place .
restaurant review : i had to even ask if they accepted credit cards , yes they do !
everything in the restaurant was sticky from the menu to table to the floor .
unfortunately this was not the case .
i was hungry so i enjoyed my chips still and ate the whole basket .
when my carne asada came it was not what i expected .
why would you put giant pieces of green onion in with the carne asada .
these were not pleasant and bitter tasting .
this was again not the case .
very thinly sliced meat that was very chewy .
the refried beans was a soupy mess , but the mexican rice was passable .
did i mention that there was so much oil in the dish ... seriously ... pro : none ... .
hidden gem : _ num _ dollar tacos on wednesday tacky decorations , tacky store at the front , awkward register blocking the door .
the portion was adequate ( i think they could have used a smaller plate .
the large plate with the portion given made it look very small ! )
the tacos i got were carnitas and steak .
it was delicious and flavorful !
the steak was likewise very delicious .
the salsa was so spicy !
i loved it , hah .
i would return here for their $ _ num _ tacos .
she was nice but was n't too helpful with questions .
service was a bit slow and waters did not get refilled .
the ground beef tasted a bit off last time i was here .
chicken was dry and adding salsa did not help .
ambiance/music - an ant was crawling on me while eating .
felt like we were in mexico .
scrambled eggs with chorizo was the bomb !
waitress also did not know anything about menu items .
this made it a little difficult to eat because the insides kept falling out .
the steak was like finely chopped up and at times resembled ground beef .
it was also quite greasy .
got _ num _ chicken tacos ... .
the chips and salsa that was brought out was also phenomenal !
i had a margarita and a mexican shrimp cocktail .
it seemed almost fermented like it was expired .
the chicken tacos were pretty mediocre in taste in my opinion .
had carnitas tacos .
when i was _ num _ , i thought this place was the greatest thing ever .
i was pretty stupid when i was _ num _ .
when i went in it smelled overpoweringly like barf .
it was so strong i could n't talk , listen or even think .
what did she say ?
needless to say it was also too crowded , dark and dirty .
such was the magic of cos .
the hot and spicy squid was really good .
they said they were delivered so they could not give me my money back .
i got * great * customer service here .
i wasted a trip .
i could get better flowers at the grocery store .
the arrangement was all wonky and out of proportion as well .
i ordered on-line an arrangement for my cousin , who is hospitalized with cancer .
phyllis returned my call first thing in the morning .
i was relieved to hear that the beautiful roses would all be present !
my cousin sent me a photo of the floral arrangement and it was beautiful .
she was delighted .
staff was friendly and they had what we needed .
the birthday cake eminems were on sale but they were disappointing at best grab decent sandwiches and gyros , and enjoy live music if it 's scheduled .
often crowded , so plan on a wait for food and a table .
the gyros were pretty good , but their fries came with this amazing sauce .
one familiar restaurant was zorba 's .
got two med .
when we sat outside on the quad , we upwrapped a tightly rolled gyro .
so eating it outside on a windy day was not a problem at all !
i went almost every tuesday as it was cheaper on tuesday .
the chicken gyro never had that effect for whatever reason .
i learned this the hard way .
when i ate meat the gyros were very good too !
and it was another hit !
chicken gyros and fried mushrooms for dinner hit the spot .
i frequented this place all the time when i was a student at uofi .
good ole z-bots as we liked to call this one back in the day .
hasnt changed much cept that now i can drink the beer .
zorba 's burned to the ground march _ num _ , _ num _ .
this was my favorite place to get gyros in town .
so greasy it burned the fuck down !
currently closed due a fire above them .
my parents used to come here when they were dating back in the day .
they started taking me and my brother as kids .
was just there for lunch today , was great to be back !
i ordered my food and waited to pay .
the cashier left to take orders , and the line started backing up .
the only thing i paid for was the convenience of eating on green st .
all i got was something overpriced and meh .
well , it was pretty much the same as i remembered .
well , the sauce here was runny , warm , and almost clear .
green street did n't feel the same without you since you burned down .
although the ambiance is much improved , my gyro lacked taste .
yep , it lived up to the hype .
i also liked that there are multiple size options for the sandwiches .
the greek salad was n't anything special either .
i got ta say that i prefer niro 's gyros more .
the joint that launched my love affair with the gyro .
did n't know a gyro could achieve the melt in your mouth consistency .
my name was taken and i was called when it was ready .
i dashed home and unwrapped everything , anxious to try it .
i did think that this gyro was really on point though .
the tzatziki was really good , too !
kind of creamy but not too yogurt-y or watered down like some places .
the mac and cheese bites were also surprisingly good .
the only thing i did not like was the portion/price .
today tuesday was dollar off classic gyro or 1/2 price fries .
i grew up in champaign and this was a favorite stomping ground !
we got _ num _ of the beef/lamb gyros and a greek salad .
i thought the gyro was okay .
the fries that came with the combination platter were not good at all .
those were mostly left untouched .
being able to peruse a bit would have been nice .
pricing was reasonable .
the bread was great , the hummus was just average .
i really liked my gyro though !
sometimes they got deals on hook .
did they ask my permission to use it ?
did they credit me with the image ?
and yet they did n't .
i felt too nostalgic here to give this place one star .
i used to come here in the mid _ num _ 's as an undergrad .
the fries were just okay .
loved the greek salad and gyro plate .
the interior was nice and roomie and had and interesting set of furniture .
the sauce was very tomato-y .
reasonably priced illini gear with a friendly staff .
the items seemed to be decent quality too .
it was a really weird experience .
te ` shurt was the answer to our prayers !
the quality of the custom printed shirts are superior to other printers on campus .
otherwise , it would be a two star selection .
a little surprising considering how great i thought the food was .
the food is mainly tapas ( for dinner at least ... great dish , i would definitely have it again !
you ca n't really go wrong and indeed it was delicious .
and brought me the most gigantic glass of port i 'd ever seen .
cafe luna would totally pass muster back home in california .
or was it ?
: ) i was a big fan of caf luna when it was on campus .
i ate lunch their frequently when i still worked on campus .
everything was great value for the price , beautifully presented , fresh and creative .
none of the staff seemed at all enthusiastic about serving us .
our assigned server for the evening was helpful and satisfactory but not warm .
the food was all right but way overpriced .
come on guys .
the coconut shrimp and accompanying sauce were excellent .
the duck confit ravioli were also very good .
he did order more bread just to soak up the leftover sauce .
the food this time also fell short ... we ordered the shrimp special , which was grilled and came with coconut risotto .
the shrimp was disgustingly over-salted , and the risotto was a pilaf .
the final disaster was the fried gnocchi .
i hated it .
my mom thought the artichoke had been frozen .
the sauce , however , was very good without being too fondue-like .
i ended up dipping bread in it .
we also got the beef tenderloin , which was decent .
i thought it was similar to wasabi .
it came with potatoes and onions that were perfectly cooked but plain .
the cilantro-lemongrass pork rib was my favorite next to the goat cheese .
the creamy clams were gross .
the duck confit was a disappointment .
my mom and friend really liked it , though .
oh , i thought the prices were really good .
we got all of that for fifty-five bucks .
we started out with salads that were a bit pricey but absolutely delicious .
the asparagus was flavorful , tender and perfectly cooked .
it had then been soaked in a very bland brine and was extremely waterlogged .
so it was bizarrely dry and soggy a the same time .
what little of it could be eaten was pretty horrible .
the sauce that come with it , however , was really good .
my initial visual assessment was highly optimistic .
the waitress apologized that they were `` short on menus . ''
but , ok , they were short on menus .
( they also gave us mismatching water glasses .
hers was only marginally better !
a tomato puree that had cinammon in it , for some reason .
one of our _ num _ orders came out wrong .
the waitress did n't charge us for the soup .
so , that was nice of her .
not sure who the last reviewers are but here is mine ... i came to urbana from chicago with my _ num _ year old son .
first the atmosphere was charming .
we first sat on the patio and felt like we were really in spain .
as far as the food was concerned , we were very happy !
the french inspiried tapas were awesome .
the seafood was cooked to perfection ; the proportions were perfect .
the wait staff were amazing .
cafe luna changed my mind that night .
the cheese was gooey and the bread perfect .
duck confit ravioli - these were so rich .
they were still ok .
they were not mushy , but not crisp .
the sauce they were served with really came to the rescue .
i could have just eaten a bowl of that sauce .
the prosciutto crostini was good .
we also had salads .
i instead had the house herb dressing salad .
ooo it looked so good and he did n't even give me a bite !
this time that we went with our friends , the staff was amazing .
that was it !
we ordered some coconut shrimp , and some ravioli with goat cheese and asparagus .
he explained the pricing , the taste , and the overall service .
luna used to be my favorite restaurant when it was on campus .
and the cooks could n't even cook it through the second time ?
the person who ordered it touched the meat and said it was quite cool .
they did n't apologize or act like they cared at all .
at the old location , this was my favorite restaurant in town .
their duck tapas was really tasty too .
i cheapened the set , haha .
we were seated promptly .
and what the specials were .
while she looked on blankly , we suggested a decanter .
she brought one back and whisked away the first glass .
the wine , once the sediment was gone was good .
there were bread plates on the table but we had to ask for bread .
the food was different and tasty .
anyway , walked it , loved the decor !
then we waited awkwardly for about _ num _ more minutes .
we decided we were just going to eat and drink at the bar .
we ordered a salad , melting brie pot and lobster & crab stuffed prawns .
well , the salad was pretty good .
the potato totally overpowered the brie and you could barely taste it .
then the `` prawns '' came out ... .
we said fine .
they came out ( four of them ) , not stuffed at all .
had not expected it to be so close to it .
the place was very nice .
and the artichokes were cooked wonderfully .
i justpoked it with my fork and it fell apart .
she had a side of fresh greens with a zippy sauce that was yum .
i loved this .
really did .
we saw them open this morning and jumped in for brunch .
the food was ok , a bit overpriced but not awful .
everything was spot on delicious !
the french horn was good but a little sour for my tastes .
i thought it was very reasonably priced for everything we had .
i definitely would recommend it anytime you 're in town !
the squash was great , but the prosciutto was really crunchy and tasteless .
the cinnamon rolls were only ok .
a chicago reviewer would say `` there are kinks . ''
she brought the table of _ num _ four slices of bread .
the dishes were extremely underwhelming , and the first _ num _ or _ num _ were cold .
they were bites .
service was great-especially since it was spring break and it was not crowded .
the tapas were great portions .
tried the walnut goat cheese balls with honey ... divine !
the mussels in spicy curry were tasteful , not really spicy at all though .
i really used to like how haphazard luna was when it was on campus .
food was overpriced and low quality .
orders were messed up .
had to ask for silverware .
dear caf luna , you had ruined my graduation dinner on may 14th , _ num _ .
i had made a reservation at 8p .
one customer told us to find the host wearing white with an apron .
then finally after another _ num _ minutes , we were being seated .
however , this nightmare did not end then .
and , we were finally allowed to order after _ num _ minutes of sitting !
neither the server , nor the host , was attentive and helpful .
the server had this terrible attitude toward us the whole time .
nothing much was explained nor bettered throughout our experience .
and the foods were not the best they could be consider the price .
we could not grasp the understanding of this horrific experience .
was it that we looked foreigner and stupid ?
was it because we were furious having to wait even with a reservation ?
caf luna , you had successfully ruined my graduation celebration .
i would never ever go there again .
it was truly a nightmare , by : one of your customer who intends to let everyone know about this incident pros : the beignets were tasty and so was the sandwich .
cons : - i was seated without a menu .
- i ordered the beignets and they forgot to put chocolate sauce on the plate .
my omelet came to me with the eggs slightly loose : perfect .
the filling was sauted mushrooms and a couple of cheeses .
the cheeses were high quality and the mushrooms were freshly sauted .
my companion ordered a quiche , which she enjoyed and which i sampled .
were used , and that the custard was mostly cream .
i would guess that service degrades considerably during busy periods .
on weekends , this area of town would be relatively quiet .
summary : in my one visit to cafe luna , the restaurant was truly outstanding .
we ordered the first seven appetizers on the menu and they were all perfect .
all _ num _ appetizers perfectly done .
we were not in a michelin star restaurant in new york or la .
this was champaign , illinois - a university town .
again , i only tried the tapas .
i changed my order to the chicken dijonaise .
it came out looking decent until i took a bite .
there was so much salt on it , i could n't eat it .
ok , so i used to love luna when it was on campus .
first and second , i went with a group for brunch .
my second trip , our group had reservations and we still waited _ num _ minutes !
third ( and i 'm afraid final ) visit was a disaster .
this was another large-ish group ( about _ num _ ) with reservations .
drink orders were taken but never filled .
all of this happened while thirsty patrons are still waiting for their first drinks .
i ordered risotto that night .
the very delicious-looking fries were sort of like my risotto , cold and wrong .
of course that was all wrong and took another half hour .
we ended up waiting an hour to be seated .
there was no sitting area , just a hallway so it was rather uncomfortable .
when we were finally seated , we had a delicious meal .
+ second time i went there was for a date with my boyfriend .
we left full and a little tipsy ( good wine ! )
there was hardly anyone at the restaurant but we still had terrible service .
they seemed understaffed , apparently due to rehearsal dinner going on simultaneously .
my friend had a very rare steak that took forever to be sent back .
in my experience , it was the exact opposite .
the service was perfect .
the charcuterie platter was edible , but lackluster .
the day we went they had a set menu for $ _ num _ a person .
without exaggeration , the food was disgusting .
the restaurant looked nice , good atmosphere .
the service was fine .
first course : lox with cream spread and bread and oysters the salmon tasted like it was two weeks old .
the oysters were the same .
i would n't be surprised if it came from some frozen bag at costco .
mixed greens with beets was pretty good .
the meat was tough and stringy .
it was way over-seasoned .
and it was like _ num _ % tough , inedible fat .
i could make a better steak when i was _ num _ .
the lamb chops were so tough , we could n't even eat them .
dessert was the best part of the meal .
and it was still awful .
the pastry was fine .
it was impossible to chew .
this was just unacceptable .
i could n't find it from the actual review page !
i had made a reservation at 8p .
one customer told us to find the host wearing white with an apron .
then finally after another _ num _ minutes , we were being seated .
however , this nightmare did not end then .
and , we were finally allowed to order after _ num _ minutes of sitting !
neither the server , nor the host , was attentive and helpful .
the server had this terrible attitude toward us the whole time .
nothing much was explained nor bettered throughout our experience .
and the foods were not the best they could be consider the price .
we could not grasp the understanding of this horrific experience .
was it that we looked foreigner and stupid ?
was it because we were furious having to wait even with a reservation ?
caf luna , you had successfully ruined my graduation celebration .
i would never ever go there again .
it was truly a nightmare , by : one of your customer who intends to let everyone know about this incident unable to get in to the restaurant we wanted , discovered luna by chance .
every item we ordered was a symphony to our palettes .
yeah , my friend j and i were ready to bolt !
but ... the service was a bit slow , but it was pretty busy .
the pear beignets were yummy and the coffee was good .
we ordered the croque monsieur and swiss roesti .
they took down my review twice ... .
it was not offensive at all except stating the facts .
we first went to basmati and honestly i thought we were doomed .
there was no flavor and most dishes seemed to be watered down .
it turned out to be okay although it was n't excellent .
waitresses were cute .
the biryani was also very good .
the manager knew me by my first name , hahahahha that was embarassing .
seriously , a bit awkward to have my table wiped down in mid-sentence .
threw out a $ _ num _ plate of food after finding hair .
the decor was exactly the same .
the waiters seemed to be the same too .
i tried my boyfriend 's lamb saag dish and loved it also .
very good and reasonably priced .
great indian food ; spiced well and not americanized .
this restaurant was good , fine , but i was n't particularly impressed .
ordered vegetable vindaloo .
all day and all night my stomach was a bubbling cauldron of curry .
my spouse and i ate lunch there with some friends on 5/30/11 .
the food was okay and plentiful , but the wait service was horrible .
the waiter was extremely unfriendly , discourteous , and unhelpful .
it was a very unwelcoming place .
my favorite was always chicken makhani .
i moved away from chambana to the south west .
i could hardly read my menu there at night .
the food was delicious and pretty authentic .
i walked out with a severe case of food poisoning .
it took my stomach two days to recover from this fiasco .
service was fast .
the naan was nice but just slightly burnt .
we tried weekday buffet last week .
for $ _ num _ + tip + tax , it had enough varieties .
lunch buffet had probably the best naan i 've tried in many years .
the food was awesome , prepared hot .
restaurant review the lunch special seemed enticing for 7 + dollars depending on what you order .
the curry was not spicy at all which was perfect .
it was rich and creamy with ample amount of chicken .
the naan was simply the largest naan i have ever seen .
it was perfect with the curry .
no salad though as mentioned previously .
pro : large menu with lunch specials , large naan , not too spicy curry cons : plasticware , slow service hidden gem : 7 + dollar lunch specials with large naan or rice and potato pakora food was pretty average .
waitress was pleasant .
i ordered the mixed grill .
it was all chicken .
where was the mix that was on the menu ?
you and a buddy could get away splitting a dish for $ _ num _ .
i ordered my food online with my credit card at about 6:30 pm .
i was told that the delivery guy should be picking up soon .
around 9 pm , i called again .
this time i was told i had to call delivery.com .
he said , `` it says you are paying with cash . ''
i just stood there .
then my hunger snapped me back to my senses .
he walked out unaffected .
the lack of silverware and napkins was a nice touch .
i ordered an aloo paratha once and the owner brought me a regular paratha .
did you think i did n't know ?
but _ num _ out of _ num _ times i would go to ambar .
i ordered chicken curry , the meat was spoiled and made me throw out .
the food was good !
the naan was gigantic , warm , and quite tasty .
he gave us a naan on the house too ordered the a spicy chickpea/potato dish with a side of rice and a soda .
rice was stale , cold , and hard .
meal came out to nearly $ _ num _ .
and he had a religious tattoo to show that he meant it .
i got a $ _ num _ chicken korma with no chicken .
i substituted paneer .
turns out , i was almost right .
the receipt indeed showed a higher price .
i was purposely trying to stay under $ _ num _ .
very disappointed by this experience .
i had the dinner at this place few months back and it was disappointing .
i had veg assorted appetizer , chicken tikka masala and naan .
veg appetizer was ok , rest was not good .
they were so oily and soggy .
i was hoping samosa will save the day but hell no : ( .
the filling was bland , the pastry was neither crispy nor flaky .
the only thing tasting good was tea , which was made by me .
sorry , i could go on and on here - better stop now !
all seemed satisfied with the selections chosen for me .
the salesperson was very helpful , explaining the subtle nuances of the various cigars .
we talked of smokes , single malt scotch , and their regular smokers .
others in the store joined in .
am amazed at the selection of pipes , tobacco , cigars , etc .
i dropped a good amount of dough here considering it was my first visit .
great atmosphere and the owner was very friendly and welcoming .
i swore by this place in college !
i , on the other hand , got the italian beef .
_ num _ for a large pizza with cheese off of eatcu.com i got a large with half steak and half italian beef .
but back to my pizza , it was amazing .
i took _ num _ slices and and im not even hungry anymore .
5/5 stars a + last chicken fingers i had were a little salty and overfried .
plus , they charged me $ _ num _ for more sauce .
i did n't like this place .
this time i ordered a `` famous '' calzone .
ranch would be better .
i would n't really recommend delivery .
extra crispy what i did n't expect was for my order to take _ num _ .
this was one of my top places to go on campus .
done .
wrong orders , forgotten items , and slower-than-the-second-coming-of-christ delivery .
the only thing that kept us coming back was their awesome chicken strips .
so we paid in the store .
done .
might take awhile for your call to go through .
i would not recommend the pizza though , .
the bar downstairs is dark and dingy , i would not go there willingly .
pretty funny overall , the food was great that night , but yeah .
mug club _ num _ we used to come here after illini hockey games across the street .
there were surprisingly not that many people there on a weekend night .
the ones that were did n't really seem too obnoxious .
the mug club was a must for everybody .
just came across mine as i was scanning business cards .
upstairs , you would hear chanting about the need for a mop .
so i went to g-mart and they ordered it for me instead .
i really liked other realm .
the owner was funny and gregarious .
so i was needing some comics , man .
i asked if he was open and he led me right in .
that struck me as fair , and definitely do-able .
i was in this shop once when i was picking up my girlfriend .
i was just killing time and saw this shop .
your little model cars on the wall were filthy .
i came in by myself to pick up dinner for friends . )
called from marketplace mall area ... then she hung up on me without as much as a goodbye .
so , i ordered jimmy johns .
a little slow but the sandwich was amazing .
bread tasted great and everything was fresh .
once i ordered for delivery on a _ num _ january afternoon .
staff was all business and bursting with energy .
been _ num _ minutes .
i ordered delivery on a sunday night while finishing up some homework .
the online ordering was quite easy .
the billy club was roast beef and ham .
i added almost extra everything including sprouts , hot peppers , oregano and tomato .
they completely omitted the peppers which was disappointing .
after tax , tip and delivery fee my sandwich was over $ _ num _ .
granted , this was in _ num _ .
when i finally got it , it was drowned in vinaigrette .
we got a cat here .
so i am keeping my fingers crossed .
i adopted a dog a few months ago .
she even attacked one recently .
cchs did n't take great care of her either .
my family and i adopted two kittens from the shelter .
i felt like my pets were really cared for before we came along .
also super hot , like it cleared out my sinuses hot .
i just wanted something edible for lunch !
literally , i went orange eating it .
i worked here for a few months ( august until two days ago ) .
they definitely shrank in the _ num _ months i worked there .
i really enjoyed the authentic chinese food i had at lunch here .
the food tasted good and the service was very friendly and helpful .
got ta love this place .
i would not recommend this restaurant .
any food would suffer from sitting for an hour .
okay this place was said to be good .
ate here a while ago and did n't really like the food .
knew it was not going to be that great .
decided to go again because i wanted to try something different .
got this chinese fish dish that was just absolutely horrible .
i could make something better at home .
the husband and i went here for dinner takeout last night .
i was super impressed .
i ordered off the `` authentic '' ( ? )
it was delicious .
in spite of not particularly enjoying peppers i found myself stealing bites .
two people could easily eat here for $ _ num _ .
this place 's value rivals even mcdonald 's mcchickens .
the hot & spicy chicken was definitely good .
their tofu dish was also very good .
i got rice noodles .
the amount they gave me was jaw dropping .
and half the lunch box was made up of the rice aforementioned .
i would only come back for the green beans .
but why the hell would i do that ?
good for both american and chinese and always packed during lunch .
instead of the rice , i got noodles -- much better choice .
i got the green beans which are as good as ever .
i also got the mapo tofu which was good as well .
the chicken was n't totally gross this time !
i used to go there all the time for a quick and cheap lunch .
note that seating is limited so i would recommend getting takeout .
highly recommended .
ugh ... or should i say : eww ... i was trying to find a place to have dinner tonight .
pretty safe selection , one would think .
the problem was really with the basil chicken : it was honestly quite gross .
and the dish was just not good .
i ate a little bit of it and was done .
for the next half hour i had a gross taste in my mouth .
if they delivered ... i would have lived on this stuff in college .
however , given a choice , why go and have bad food ?
the mango sticky rice was terrific .
i would eat here about _ num _ times/week when i was in business school .
it was okay .
a good massage but i was n't impressed .
it was a little hot in the room .
i asked a deep tissue and got just a regular massage .
highly recommended !
the car was not ready when i arrived .
i had a great experience here and would recommend to anyone needing a car .
he would n't help me out in anyway and was just a terrible employee .
we were very satisfied with our vehicle and experience all throughout the trip .
i would say steer clear of these landlords .
i did n't even know that was possible .
you could do much worse than rick 's .
rick and his team did a great job in fixing my bmw convertible .
my car battery died and the hardtop convertible roof was in the trunk .
the car was n't starting when one tried to jump it as well .
overall a complicated situation which rick and his team handled really well .
would you like to do that today ? ''
why would i get a service that is n't recommended ?
the service was fast too and they vacuumed my car .
they stopped the upsell after that .
then , i started having performance problems with my tires .
the tires only had 30k miles on them and they were 60k tires .
they became unbalanced during pothole season .
they had to be replaced .
but , jiffy lube lost me as a customer .
when i complained the guy shrugged his shoulders and said sorry .
i would definitely recommend this jiffy lube over anywhere else .
plus they had the stuff that my chevy needed right then and there .
they had the doors open so it was nice to be in the lobby .
i brought bills to pay while i waited and could n't even finish .
they filled it up just to let me get home .
i was surprised to read the reviews on smoking/having a smokey car .
i really considered buying a drink just to throw it at them .
the food however , was underwhelming .
what was ordered : bento lunch box , teryaki chicken and sushi : spicy tuna was terrible .
the taste was lacking and the rice seemed a bit stale .
the food was tasty , and was presented very nicely .
we had a couple rolls , fried tempura appetizer , and gyoza .
we enjoyed it .
there were some downsides .
the price was very high compared to the amount of food we received .
also , we waited a very long time for our food .
we went for lunch and i ordered the chicken teriyaki box thing .
it was n't bad but it certainly was n't good either .
the salad came in the upper left square of the box .
it was about a _ num _ inch by _ num _ inch square .
what really cracked me up was the vegetables .
ive been here about _ num _ times .
there was one thing i did n't like ; fried salmon roll .
the breading was thick and greasy .
otherwise , food was good .
i had the sukiyaki and my girl had the beef teriyaki .
both of them were really good , especially hers .
the food was horrible .
and the service was the worst thing at this place .
never had sushi here kamakura consistently serves good food .
i stopped by at least once when i travel to u-c .
we came here to celebrate a birthday .
it was a cold weekday night and the restaurant was pretty empty .
i was very wrong .
we started out with an appetizer of tempura shrimp which was excellent and tasty .
i had the miso soup and it was spot on - goooood .
oh heavens , it was so good .
until now , i thought good sushi in champaign was wishful thinking .
good news : we were seated immediately .
instead , i received garbage that smelled and tasted like rotting fish .
when i got home , i tried to purge my mouth with listerine .
i thought that the sushi was very good .
i enjoyed the sushi rolls and sashimi .
the rolls were a good size and very fresh .
went on a tuesday night , no crowd at all .
i mostly got sushi rolls , and those were quite excellent .
would not recommend families .
one thing that really bothered me though was the sticky floors .
our food was very tasty , our chef was very personable and entertaining .
highly recommended !
also the manager checked on our table to make sure everything was going great .
i would suggest this place to anyone .
the ` open ' sign was on and clearly blinking ` open ' .
we asked to be seated at the grill .
we were refused service and told they were getting ready to close .
i did n't get to try the sushi but it sure looked good .
i had a bento box meal , teriyaki chicken , it was yummy .
i nice touch is they willing split the bill .
would totally recommend it .
it was strange and somewhat offensive .
do n't forget to get some green tea ice cream for dessert : ) came here for my friend 's birthday .
i heard great things about this place so i had high expectations .
needless to say , i was a bit disappointed .
the pros : the hibachi chef was very entertaining and friendly .
overall , the food was decent , service was not great ... not impressed i came here after graduating back in may and my experience was pretty lackluster .
went with a friend and got a bento box ( salmon teriyaki ) .
`` your order had a lot of complications ( ! )
we actually had to leave , i had an appointment . )
overpriced , mediocre sushi restaurant that only knows how to sell atmosphere and presentation .
it was very pretty , neat , and tidy inside .
i particularly liked the booths with glass tables .
it complimented the shades of blues on the booths .
it helped to show a little bit of culture .
their menus were detailed which helped a lot especially on their drinks menu .
although i did eye the japanese dish menus , i was set on sushi .
we ended up waiting over an hour for the sushi .
they were short staffed .
only one waiter was going around taking orders and delivering the food .
my friend got miso soup , eel roll , and tempura salmon roll .
i got a spicy scallop roll , philadelphia roll , and spicy salmon roll .
the miso was a bit salty .
the eel roll was tasty .
the tempura salmon roll was really cute .
it looked like little tofu squares .
i made a mistake by eating that first .
i thought that the pieces of fish in the sushi were a good size .
if i come back , i would try i did enjoy the dcor and small twists on the rolls though .
first off , there was no wait .
i did seem to take a little too long for my food .
i ordered unagi , ummm , it melted in my mouth !
the ahi was good and the spider roll as well .
this place officially became my go-to birthday dinner _ num _ years ago .
my below average bento box cost a total of $ _ num _ too .
had a great experience .
adam was our teppan chef and he was amazing .
food was deliciously seasoned and cooked to perfection .
i left feeling satisfyingly full and in good spirits .
on a saturday evening , we waited _ num _ minutes without anyone taking our orders .
waited another _ num _ minutes , still no one to take our order .
so we walked out .
everyone in the restaurant was waiting for his or her food .
this was on saturday .
7:35 pm arrived and got seated immediately 7:50 pm got our waters and `` a server will be with you shortly '' 7:51-7:59 pm tried to understand what the word `` shortly '' meant 8 pm walked out we went to sushi kame and we received way more attentive service .
i might visit kamakura again `` shortly '' .
went to lunch there today and it was awesome as usual .
my friend and i went there and order ramen .
first time my wife and i came here the service was awful !
we saw our waiter twice the entire time we were there .
we had to hunt the waiter down to get our check !
went again the 2nd time hoping the service was better ... .
we could all smell trash while sitting there .
we ordered drinks and the glass was filled half way !
we arrived at 5 pm and we left at 7 pm .
waiters and waitresses who do n't care drinks filled half glass hibachi food tasted burnt one bathroom stall trash smelling atmosphere the good : sushi food was good , tristan was a fine chef .
tried to take my wife for a birthday dinner .
called for a reservation at 8 pm and did n't get seated until 9:15 pm .
we decided to go elsewhere .
adam at the teppan table was fantastic .
everything was really good .
i would defiantly get thier house dressing .
on a down note , our waitress was kind of slow .
pros : - the staff was very friendly and tried to be helpful .
- they did n't have a lot of what i was looking for .
also wanted purple gloves , which they did n't have either .
i would imagine there is nothing else like it in downstate illinois .
so i went with it .
the exam seemed quick but thorough .
my glasses were ready in an hour .
they seemed to have a pretty decent selection of designer frames .
i went in here for a regular annual eye-exam .
i was recently at this location and the staff there was friendly and courteous .
they helped me in all aspects of getting my glasses .
i was impressed with the knowledge and experience they have .
the staff was very friendly , especially dr. sanders .
definitely a great experience and i would highly recommend this place .
my appointment was for glasses .
most of the frames were name brand super expensive .
she charged me an extra $ _ num _ for that .
i felt completely lied to and robbed .
after i left , i noticed that there were scratch marks on the metal !
i went to another store and they adjusted my glasses by warming them up .
did illini eye not have the capabilities to do that ?
i really appreciated that .
dr. sanders helped me with the rest of the eye exams .
maybe because they did n't want to do business with me .
i spent m it was such bad luck that i went to the location .
this was bothersome , as i prefer how i look in contacts . )
i thought it was just another attrition that comes with the aging process .
this tactic worked brilliantly for me with regard to contact lenses .
( ha - loved this ! )
would highly recommend - will be back for my next exam !
i had a fish sandwich combo here , and i was pretty unimpressed .
it did n't have a lot of flavor .
their okra was good , though .
but the fried chicken was not that good .
it was really dry .
when i walked in it was not a welcoming atmosphere .
they acted like i was bothering them and i felt rushed to order .
i would n't rec .
i was told that the main place in chambana is seaboat .
instead of fries , i got greens .
the flavor was right .
the service was very friendly as well .
we were so aggravated we really wanted to leave or ask for a refund .
once we finally tasted the food we were glad we did n't .
accompanying sides of fried okra and mac n cheese were on spot .
good tartar sauce but not enough given .
the chicken was n't the best i 've had , but still pretty good .
everything was perfectly fried and included _ num _ sides and a roll .
we also got an order of catfish nuggets ( $ _ num _ ) .
now those were goooood .
i had the fish and chips with either whiting or walleye .
the menus were confusing - wall menu said walleye and printed menu said whiting .
fries were average , could have been crispier .
potato salad was of the finely chopped creamy variety .
it reminded me a bit of a waldorf salad but was refreshing .
my companion had two pieces of fried chicken and declared it good .
we were there when the place was n't busy .
small tables in the dining area were covered in sticky none-too-clean plastic tablecloths .
we ordered take-out and went across the street to hessel park .
the catfish was good , but just good .
the roll was unnecessary , green beans were decent/standard , fries were alright .
overall , the meal was meh .
highly recommended !
it was neither .
good food , fried fish , fried chicken .
did not have the collards or okra .
it was good food but a little too greasy for my taste .
i placed our order for take out and sat down and wait .
the food was just sitting on the counter .
went here , was n't aware of what time they close .
when we pulled up the neon sign was lit up and said open .
the door was unlocked .
so we went in and wasted _ num _ min .
if i could give _ num _ stars i would , or maybe even negative stars .
the driver was unable to find my house and called twice for directions .
i went fried catfish fillets , fried okra , and collards .
fish and chicken cooked to order , so definitely be ready to wait .
would not recommend this restaurant !
got ta try it at least once .
** closed ** so sad but the seaboat has sailed away .
this champaign landmark was in business for _ num _ years .
also so long to the staff , you were like family .
this time , we had a really nice friendly waitress .
it was disgusting .
the textures were waxy and the cheese was lardlike .
while the flavors were bold , they tasted man-made and had a processed mouth-feel .
it was to real food what velveeta is to real cheese .
i was a bit confused on their use of host and hostesess .
jeff was awesome !
made us feel very welcome .
she apologized and said no one had told her that we were there .
i ordered bruschetta and salad and my companions had soup and salad .
but the bruschetta was just awful .
salad did have pepperoncini peppers , which were a nice touch .
the waitress was polite but seemed to be either new or overwhelmed .
she never refilled any of our drinks and just seemed sort of distracted .
we left her a nice tip though .
commercial italian - had a gift card so needed to use it .
moderately priced value for what is presented and always something to bring home no apology , nothing .
i had soup & salad the other person had alfredo .
not complicated to pour some sauce on the noodles !
had to ask for drink & salad/bread refils .
overpriced just `` okay '' italian food .
went with a friend recently . )
other than that , their smoked mozarella fonduta was pretty good .
the service was the worst i have had in some time .
at that very same time our main entree came out .
i then ordered another drink .
one bite in we realized the cheese had separated and it was barely warm .
we had a gift card and we were crusing through on a road trip .
alexis was great .
she was new .
thought she did well .
service was relatively slow .
the service was good ( even though the waiter was a bit awkward ) .
my fiance took me here for my birthday in august .
we were immediately seated , so far so good .
we were n't feeling good about this .
nuts and bolts : went with the family to celebrate a birthday .
pros : everybody left content and very full .
our waiter kept the breadsticks and salad coming .
multiple orders of soup were taken .
great price - got all that food for around $ _ num _ plus tip .
our waiter was very attentive and made us laugh a few times .
minestrone was ok .
he was wonderful .
the only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress .
our pizza was mushy and undercooked .
i could n't eat it .
the description was nothing like the actual entree .
our poor waiter was so over worked .
the blond female manager had sent people home and they then got a rush .
the funny as heck black bald waiter we had was the best .
he handled _ num _ tables with grin and a joke for each .
he was as fast as he could be .
the food was okay .
but our waier honestly made the visit as good as it was .
i ordered the steak medallion gorgonzola fettuccine alfredo .
unfortunately , not a good cut of beef as they were tough and chewy .
he was funny , attentive , and kind ... yes .
we visited 6/6/15 around 6:30-7 .
we were seated right away .
we waited about _ num _ mins just to order lemonade .
our cups sat empty for most of our meal .
we did n't have enough time for our app .
we explained what happened and we were understanding because the server was relatively new .
the manager comped our entire meal .
food was good but our waitress keisha s. was not friendly at all .
we had to practically beg for refills .
we had to wait about _ num _ minutes on a tuesday night to be seated .
we were seated and i was quite indecisive about what to get .
i settled on a build-your-own-pasta with alfredo/cream sauce and added italian sausage .
i did not like the sausage .
the thing that really upset me about the experience though was the service .
we looked at each other and both agreed this meal was unnecessarily rushed .
asking us what we would like to chose between an apple dish or lemon cake .
joey was seriously excellent . )
she never made us feel like we were in a rush to leave .
i asked for my salad with no olives , it had olives .
i asked for meat sauce with my ravioli , i got red sauce .
i asked for a refill on my drink , never got one .
she came to our table maybe _ num _ times total .
water cup tasted soapy _ num _ .
utensils not cleaned properly _ num _ .
the garlic and wine sauce was really heavy and not appetizing .
the garlic bread were super greasy and honestly not very good _ num _ .
( side note : the breadsticks were freaking beautiful ; inside and out . )
the taste though , was n't terrible , but was just average .
nothing exulted pizzazz ; so it was just eh .
they had a great selection , and fantastic service .
i got everything i needed quickly and efficiently and with interesting conversation .
my husband found the shoes he was looking for .
the sales associate was funny and interactive .
my grand daughter loved her shoes and would not take them off .
she said she looked like a fashion girl : ) a little shop on the triangle where neil street and walnut streets converge .
they made great use of the space .
a friend gave me a tip : their columbian coconut coffee ( wonderful ! )
me : i thought you closed at _ num _ !
lost a star for having tea that expired a year ago !
the golden moon tea does n't taste like anything i bought from golden moon .
the teas i bought from the jar taste stale and bad .
i also loved the array of chocolate they had .
it would make a great place to go to find some uniquely delicious gifts .
so many of my favorite elements come together in this store .
got tea ?
went to visit this place for the first time yesterday and i was impressed .
i bought a couple ounces and ca n't wait to try it !
found this place on accident while in town for work .
the wait was interminable as a result .
i stopped in here and got a bag of my favorites .
you chose to work there , treat the customers with some respect and patience !
i just wished they were a little bigger and stocked more things .
pros : clean , well stocked cons : prices more expensive than chinatown , chicago .
sadly , most of their constituency would n't care or notice .
was sadly disappointed .
sadly no other steak cut options .
i had a great dinner experience .
the service was more than attentive .
had a really nice glass of wine .
just the way i wanted it .
great on all counts except the decor could really use updating .
the ribeye was a low grade supermarket cut .
we arrived around 4:15 .
noticed there were quite a few people already there .
that not being a problem we were promptly seated .
and she certainly ate her worth of $ _ num _ salad bar and more .
anyway , i ordered the _ num _ oz .
when it came out on the sizzling skillet it was more like well done .
it was hard to cut and totally dried out .
my server noticed that i was n't happy and offered to get another one .
the salad bar was good .
it was moist and delicious .
when i was there the restaurant was very busy and extremely noisy .
perhaps a hamburger or meatloaf type order would be safer .
coleslaw would be on par with that available in a chain supermarket deli .
update : had to go again because my aunt is insane .
knowing how bad the steak is , i ordered the shrimp .
would highly recommed the ribeye for a classy , illini-themed restaurant any day .
ive tried ribeye at other places and arnt that good .
we did not make a reservation and walked in .
seeing we were not leaving , the hostess seated us within _ num _ minutes .
this was a friday evening .
our waitress was extremely pleasant and took great care of us .
we ordered a beer on tap and of course , the ribeye .
the salad bar was great , but way too small .
i ordered the _ num _ oz .
ribeye while my husband ordered the _ num _ oz .
it was a good cut of meat and well-aged but it was just good .
with two steaks and two beers our bill was $ _ num _ .
i was impressed .
we had the ribeye , shrimp and chicken entrees .
all were very good .
the service was very good .
the salad bar was excellent .
they had a delicious assortment of salads and pasta and even some fruit .
i had the chicken and shrimp meal and it was also delicious .
overpriced for the quality .
would go back only for the salad bar .
`` what would you get ? ''
first time out of maybe a hundred i did n't get a good recommendation .
it was going towards medium well .
the salad bar was the only redeeming quality .
plus the peal at the bottom was rock hard so i could eat it .
i got the 10oz ribeye and it was a perfect medium rare .
service was good no real complaints there .
the small loaves of bread were hot coming to the table .
i had one slice - average .
the best thing going on was the salad bar and even it lacked .
by that i mean the lettuce was tired .
however a good variety of other things were there .
and that it was walking distance from the hotel .
what i did n't expect was a thin cut of ribeye .
it was prepared exactly as i ordered but there was n't much flavor .
service was good and its walking distance from the hotel .
the twice baked potato was very good .
the steak was good as well .
salad bar was all you can eat with a decent selection of toppings .
i ordered mine medium , expecting a juicy , pink center .
i ordered the steak fries , which were n't seasoned at all .
the decor was hilarious incongruous with the prices .
the service was great , and the staff were very accommodating .
the ribeye said it was no problem .
the salad bar was good too .
our server , ashleigh , was attentive and personable .
danica my server was very attentive and knowledgeable .
great salad bar and the twice baked potato was full of flavor .
otherwise , i would never go here .
admittedly been years since ate there but not much seasoning on steak .
salad bar was good .
even with the full house we did not have a long wait .
the clientele was a mixture of older couples and slightly depressed game goers .
i had not seen those things since the grade school cafeteria !
i ordered a _ num _ oz .
so ordered the _ num _ oz .
they were not bad , but they were not sauted .
seriously , my steak looked like it belonged on a philly cheesesteak .
came here because it was close to my hotel .
steak was below average and service was lacking .
i would not return .
why did it take us so long to discover old time ?
oh and did i mention the twice baked potatoes ?
awesome meat case with great steaks , marinated chicken and homemade sausage .
just wish they were open on sunday so i could load up my cooler !
once , i had them get me some quail .
i came here looking for salmon and was really really impressed .
it certainly tasted like that . )
i love this store , i found my kind of clothes there .
the store was clean and so where the dressing rooms .
i ca n't wait to go back there.i could spend hundreds of dollars there .
very nice , yet crowded kohls .
i purchased the fila work shoes .
it was weird .
mine was from rain .
so , i got _ num _ new shirts .
again , i walked with _ num _ shirts .
i also got _ num _ new pairs of trousers ( who still says trousers ? )
i got some new white socks , and some new plain black tshirts .
so that was nice .
highly recommended if you have tons of questions .
so , went there the first time and thought the manager was great !
called and complained about the situation .
they could n't even offer anything else !
best pet store ive been too .
friendly , knowledgeable , efficient and decently priced .
i still bought the dechlorinator , though .
i got my first gold fish for my start up aquarium from here .
some reviews mentioned too pricey and customer wait time to get help .
i said if i could help it we would not spend money there anymore .
unfortunately we had a gift certificate .
i could say the same thing of the owner , john .
you ca n't beat the service here and the prices were fair .
i would suggest that knitters near and far visit this gem .
spent quite a while in here and loved it .
really enjoyed my visit here .
this free service saved me money for a service call .
dropped in on a random tuesday night .
these guys did it right .
drove back to autozone to return the jump starter and buy the battery .
both displayed excellent customer service , which is not so common these days .
highly recommended - with a shout out for their fantastic customer service !
big city diamond quality and selection with great local family owned service !
i got married !
in that short , frantic time , we kept thinking , `` hmm .
so we ended up going to browne 's the tuesday before the sunday wedding .
she told us she 'd have them in by friday .
which we did , and it was beautiful .
the prices were good , considering the current market for gold .
i 've been married for _ num _ years now , engaged for over _ num _ .
they found a loose diamond !
i left my rings with them .
their selection and quality would be hard to find anywhere else in town .
* edit * since i wrote this , i picked up my rings .
the setting was fixed and the metal was replated on both rings .
the replating and the fixed setting did n't cost me a dime .
never even came out of his hole in the back .
i went here to have a battery changed in my watch .
went to sell my jewelry and they gave a fair price .
it took several phone calls and an in-person meeting to get my money back .
they were extremely rude when my roommate and i called them .
i moved in to my apartment on august _ num _ .
when i opened the door the stench was overpowering .
honestly , i sprinted to the window to start airing it out .
it smelled like the last tenant was someone with _ num _ cats .
and that was nothing compared to the fact it was so so dirty .
there were even stains on the walls .
i moved in on a saturday afternoon .
i spent saturday night in a smelly apartment with no power .
she told me to call my landlord .
i now had power .
lived in _ num _ n busey and regretted every single day .
first they gave trashy apartment without cleaning .
while i spent _ num _ days on cleaning it when moved out .
i could challenge them to show even little sign of dirt .
the apartment was dirty when we moved in .
and the rain dropped in our apartment .
every time they said they 'll come and fix it but they never did .
by the way , a raccoon came to our living place a day ago .
we tried really hard to keep it away .
i thought it was a thief break in !
lastly , my friend come to visit me in summer .
so my friend parked at an empty lot .
so who called to tow the car ?
and i got a notice from the landlord not my car get towed .
for a while , everything i had to furnish/decorate my house was from there .
finally , five weeks after this first began , i flipped .
perhaps it was all the coffee at aroma .
and i thought , `` what the hell am i gon na do now ?
i paid $ _ num _ for a piece of outdated , racist iconography .
i emancipated mammy .
you will find a part of you you thought you 'd lost .
it was kind of like walking through a museum .
i found my boyfriend a silk shirt for ten bucks .
apparently i came for opening weekend of their new store .
i decided to investigate .
this store relocated to lincoln square in to a new space .
hence why people were munching outside .
i could co-own a store !
did ya look down the hallway , asshole ?
some other tribe of marketing-for-dummies-reading diarrhea-variety-shit-for-brains idiots already jumped on that loser train .
maybe it was the overall lack of options .
the people were n't friendly or helpful .
i used to be more impressed with the common ground food co-op .
it was infuriating .
i had to ignore her behavior constantly .
common grounds selection seemed very average .
we unexpectedly found ourselves about _ num _ miles north of urbana for a week .
i 'll definitely be back , and might consider becoming an owner .
wish i lived closer , i would go there alot more .
i shopped here one year ago for couple of times .
i decided to become an `` organic '' vegan in early october .
i went there 11/8 .
but , they all locally grown or organic .
the new cafe in the store was great .
friendly service and the food was very tasty .
i would highly recommend the hot roast beef sandwich with carmelized onions .
the expansion did a lot for their prices in the way of shelf items .
i even got a recommendation of one employee 's favorite kale .
my wife grew up in the urbana-area .
inspired , hearty , so good .
today , it decided it did n't want to be read .
eventually she said it was on the house .
i might do it again .
took a cooking class making chard and mushroom pasta .
besides being given the recipe for this dish , the instructor had additional handouts .
we would otherwise have to buy those two items online .
very happy someone at the market told me about this place on saturday .
stopped in to get some dates , hummus , guac , & salsa .
the staff seemed really nice .
the next day my radiator tank was completely empty .
truly a dishonest and compromised garage .
hard to find the departments you needed - they could improve layout and signage .
never did see the men 's shoe department .
improvements needed in the top department - i was looking for more casual items .
also the owner & staff were extremely helpful .
i lucked out and found this while working in champaign .
ridiculously overpriced .
do n't come here .
i definitely did n't feel welcome .
they gave me the run around .
i would give it zero stars if thats an option !
we showed up at 7:50 am .
there were around _ num _ people waiting !
we were stranded at the bus stop for _ num _ hours in the cold wind !
it was chaotic as people jostled each other to get on the bus .
it also smelled a lot like weed when i got off one night .
been in here to look for stencils .
they did n't carry any .
prices seemed about right for a privately owned art shop .
super helpful owner and staff even checked manufacturers ' sites to confirm acid-free .
and then you would n't be full of so much negative energy .
what else could you need ?
i took in two down-filled winter coats , they took about _ num _ days .
i went in for their fluff and fold service .
i used the fluff and fold service _ num _ times .
the first time , i was missing some pants .
so that forced me to go there again .
the first time occurred a few months ago .
the second time occurred this week .
my husband brought in a suit and a $ _ num _ coupon .
the fee for the suit was $ _ num _ .
well , they charged him once for $ _ num _ and again for $ _ num _ !
i drove down there with receipts .
tony , the manager , said his records show i was refunded ... twice .
on the hanger was a tag noting that it was to simply be pressed .
i brought the dress to starcrest just to see what they could do .
they got the stains out and saved the day !
i killed one that was on one of my washers with a dryer sheet .
when i went to pick up my dry cleaning , the cover was gone .
kinda expensive but they did a good job .
this was maybe the best dental experience i 've ever had .
i actually really learned a lot !
it was a totally lovely experience .
the building and office might not be the newest , but really who cares ?
i also really appreciated that he was n't pushing expensive treatments and add-ons .
then i called allied .
they kept calling each other `` sir , '' that cracked me up .
i used their moving service for my move to south carolina .
they were professional , helpful and punctual .
they wrapped all my furniture and packed it carefully .
we had only _ num _ broken item which was a metal shoe rack .
great movers and i will use them again if i could give these movers a zero , i would .
so we used these folks -- it was a disaster from the beginning .
when we got to atlanta the guys moved everything into place .
after two hours the movers never showed .
despite all the haggling no one ever apologized .
absolute waste of time contacting allied .
the phone lackey bragged about their bbb rating .
she promised a quote the next day , which i never received .
no one from allied ever contacted me again .
if i could rate this company zero stars , i would .
i got an awesome _ num _ 's vinyl couch for _ num _ $ !
they recently started taking credit via square reader in their new downtown champaign location .
did i really start this review like that ?
the regular waitress was awesome and knew what we wanted .
got the t-shirt .
i also went to the other newer location in downtown champaign .
and more amazed you loved it .
the food was just okay , nothing to rave about .
merry ann 's version paled in comparison .
i gave them another shot a few weeks later , this time for lunch .
the peas were from a can .
then i looked at the merry ann 's menu and .
i was very impressed with that .
i ended up waiting ten more minutes after we had finished our other food .
but the pancakes were delicious -- fluffy and wonderful .
the orange juice was terrible .
it was room temperature when she served it .
the food was pretty standard .
my special came with a very large portion of hash browns .
or i could be projecting .
he had the diner stack , biscuit on the bottom , eggs scrambled .
i had _ num _ eggs over medium with bacon , hashbrowns , and toast .
service was excellent .
our waitress was very friendly , and our food arrived promptly .
their $ _ num _ orange juice is pulp-less , watered down concentrate .
crispy yet soft , i could 've had platters of this thing .
what went wrong ?
wow i also got a biscuit to go with it .
eggs so fresh you 'd think they had the chickens out back .
highly recommended .
and you might only gain one pound .
i enjoyed everything about it .
i liked that they always asked if we wanted our checks split .
i liked the menus that never changed , except for when they got laminated .
i liked watching the cooks assemble a stack like an artist at work .
but to me it was more than just that .
the time i spent at merry ann 's was always ... comforting .
walked into merry-ann 's for breakfast on saturday .
there was no sign to indicate method of seating .
i stood there while several staff stood idly behind the counter .
they looked me in the eye but never acknowledged my presence .
i waited a bit and then left .
i went to merry-ann 's for the first time on sunday morning .
i also got a half-order of gravy and a biscuit , plus a coffee .
the bacon was by far the most disappointing part of the meal .
it was just flavorless and gross .
everything else made up for it , though .
the hilton razed the restaurant as part of its renovation .
i could of ate cheaper at home with the same ingredients .
restaurant review i would have to say that the wait staff is top notch .
the hashbrown were oily , no real crispy to it .
the sausage and eggs were good without complaint .
overall with the oil and salt , it was somewhat difficult to eat .
this time , we went to the merry ann 's on neil street .
server was very nice about remaking it .
the customer service was just that bad .
the front door had greasy finger/hand-prints all over it .
when i pointed it out to the waitress , she just shrugged .
this place was so good .
almost reminded me of the waffle house back at home .
it was clean and the service was so nice .
so i ordered the first picture i saw that looked appetizing - fish tacos .
but our waiter sucked .
he actually yawned while repeating our order .
the salad was good and so were the bread sticks .
however , we were not asked if we wanted more .
the server was invisible .
every time we wanted something we could not find our server .
he also took my salad before i was done with .
he just took it .
he did n't bother to ask me if i was done with it .
he just snatched it while i was n't looking .
there was still a lot left .
but , we were there for over an hour .
they were so slow .
they were really salty and just ... well , not good .
we also split a burger , which was decent , but very very heavy .
i was just excited that my side salad was n't all iceberg - bonus !
absolutely the best fried chicken in town .
i came with a couple of friends and ordered a frozen margarita .
her reaction was what soured the experience .
she did , and the meal was fine .
i had a cheeseburger and fries , and it was pretty good .
i liked the fried green bean appetizer with wasabi ranch sauce quite a bit .
the real shock came at the end of the meal .
yesterday , i ordered carryout chipotle yucatan salad for lunch .
the menu said the salad included cilantro and avocado .
i got exactly _ num _ tiny chunks of avocado and zero cilantro .
in addition , it was a hot mess .
i would recommend it to my friends .
the arrival of our food was the second disappointment of the night .
the best example of this was one of my friend 's pasta dishes .
needless to say , he finished it but still went home hungry .
why would you choose t.g.i .
the service was bad and the food was worse .
we got the _ num _ for $ _ num _ deal .
i ordered some sort of pasta alfredo with chicken .
it was one of the smallest portions i 've ever gotten in a restaurant .
the pasta was so overcooked it was mushy .
the chicken was so overcooked i could barely cut into it .
closed .
well i forgot i had posted that it was closed .
i managed to get them to come back to champaign , il they are now located up by the market place mall .
still , it was pretty good .
we also had two glasses of french hard apple cider : delicious .
we went to carmon 's for sunday brunch and the place was packed !
so packed , in fact , that the service suffered noticeably .
well , i got the alone time , not so much the scrumptious meal .
the $ _ num _ side salad was lovely .
a nice change of pace for brunch -- simple selections done well .
we especially loved the complimentary bread with butter with smoked sea salt -- - delicious .
the escargots were quite good as well .
everything was either really , really good or really , really bad .
it was pretty trashy for the otherwise very nice atmosphere .
all portions were generous , perfectly cooked and quick to the table .
the creamed spinach was smooth , sophisticated and rich .
and it was .
did i mention the totally funky cool decor and friendly staff ?
it was absolutely amazing !
carmon 's is the restaurant gem hidden away in champaign .
i also had some coffee which was obviously fresh-brewed .
the waitress was kind and attentive and the atmosphere was laid back .
so i expected slow service .
the food was standard .
and i asked for cheddar on top - what the hell ?
$ _ num _ for shitty american shredded cheese ?
beautifully decorated .
the one thing that was good was the crepe suzette .
we were placed in the corner of the restaurant too .
she then disappeared for the entire meal and came back only for the check .
we left the discount card on the table .
walking in , we had a good feeling .
i ordered a $ _ num _ ham and cheese crepe .
once they took his empty soup bowl away , the wait began .
we were not encouraged .
we probably did not get our food for another 20-30 minutes .
and again , there were _ num _ other parties of _ num _ in the restaurant .
while we waited , no one came to update us .
no one even looked at us .
mine was unevenly heated and very salty .
we each ordered coffee , which took about _ num _ minutes to bring out .
the whipped cream was also made fresh and delightful .
the prices were horrid though .
service was relaxed and friendly but not slow .
my parents both enjoyed the coffee .
we went for dinner on a sunday night .
we were three of five customers in the restaurant , which was off-putting .
the crepes were great .
the service was great .
was quite jolly .
it was an excellent choice and certainly unique .
the waiter was comical and super friendly , and the service was perfect .
i sampled the quiche and my own breakfast-esque version of a crepe .
both were delicious .
i also enjoyed the complimentary bread & butter with roasted sea salt .
went here for a weekend brunch with my boyfriend a few weeks ago now .
both our crepes were delicious !
things not to miss : curried cauliflower soup split pea soup the pate/salad plate and any crepe with `` two fried eggs '' on top .
so i liked carmon 's .
i would assign it a few demerits , but mostly gold stars .
i would like to try more crepes at a future visit .
it was just very laid back and , well , french !
the stroganoff crepe was delicious , as was the nutella crepe for dessert .
to our delight , they shifted us there without a fuss .
highly recommended !
today i had a wonderful goat cheese quiche .
it was the special and came with a salad .
unfortunately , i had no room left for one of their delicious dessert crepes .
we had a super afternoon at carmon 's !
we stumbled across carmon 's on our way from chicago to new orleans .
houdini performed there back in the day !
i took my children here while visiting my sister in champaign .
i was expecting something along the lines of the normal children 's museum .
it was nothing like it .
the place was dark and dingy .
it needed a thorough cleaning .
i was afraid to let my children play with the toys there .
we could barely fill up _ num _ minutes here .
the water interactive display had no water in it .
the sand exhibit was missing some sand .
my family came here saturday for the willy wonka chocolate experience - what a joke !
upon entering the main room to pay , the cost was $ 9/person .
i was wrong .
there were about _ num _ people crammed into the main room , paying .
charlie and the chocolate factory was playing , but there was no volume .
there was nothing resembling the chocolate factory .
that was the first experience .
why did they even need the bag ?
where were the oompa loompas and chocolate ?
the only chocolate i saw was a drawing of a chocolate fountain .
the whole thing took less than 1/2 hour .
we complained and were reluctantly given our money back .
this was a joke - do not take your kids here .
to begin with , the place was dirty .
it looked like no one cared about it .
there were no exhibits , few play stations and fewer that actually worked .
there was absolutely nothing to commend itself about this place .
what toys they had were either broken or of little entertainment value .
and our allergies started to act up .
we had such a great morning at this children 's museum !
our visit lasted about _ num _ hours and i recommend this as a family destination !
i would n't recommend it .
we came as a family outing over the holidays .
my three kids 9,7 , and _ num _ found plenty to interest them .
a birthday party was just wrapping up while we waited for opening time .
my teenage daughter and i really enjoyed the momentum machine on the lower level .
we were so dizzy but kept trying it out over and over again !
that did n't deter us from trying everything though !
laid back .
laid back place .
i ordered the chilequiles , which i 'm a bit particular about .
and i was delighted . '
t was nice to see a cool , friendly environment .
i was delighted .
this was awful .
base on the reviews from this site we decided to check it out .
when the food showed up it was just as bland as the chips .
it was the straw that broke the camel 's back .
this place was poppin !
we had to park in the dallas and co .
overall , the food though was n't that great .
three stars for the food , and an extra for the great margaritas ; i picked _ num _ stars , which means , according to yelp , `` yay !
our server was really nice and attentive .
last night we went there and i got chicken tacos .
they were so horrible that i only took one bite .
they were that bad .
the chicken tasted like it was canned .
i was disappointed .
the ambience was fine .
it was bright and kitschy in ways i find endearing .
a soggy fry job on a cimichanga : death warmed over .
ordered a carnitas burrito with beans and rice .
this place reminded me of burrito king .
tried the fish filet dinner with rice/pinto beans .
it was great , and way too much !
friend did n't like the black beans much though .
my husband had the mixed fajitas , and enjoyed them .
portion was huge , and we brought about half of it home .
i had the pozole and alex taco .
both were flavorful .
pozole had a nice amount of spice .
the rice was drenched in grease .
it even smelled bad as the waiter put it in front of me .
i actually gasped .
the salsas were good .
had the vegetarian fajitas , and my wife had the chicken burrito .
we both had the black beans .
back in those days , i had not yet been to many authentic taquerias .
so i thought fiesta was amazing .
but then again , i also thought dos res was awesome .
i became a bit of a mexican restaurant snob .
i moved away , had many many amazing mexican dishes during my travels .
moved back to cu a couple years ago .
done !
would not return : ( i ordered the chiles rellenos and was pretty disappointed .
ingredients seemed low-quality and overall preparation was subpar .
everything was drowned in a red sauce that tasted canned .
however , our server was a really nice guy .
my beef burrito was mostly beans and almost no beef .
$ _ num _ pacifico beer was a plus .
chips and salsa - bad had to sprinkle salt on em for flavor !
lol the cebollitos on the tacos were so amazing !
not very authentic , and my rice was severely undercooked .
they used yellow cheese on my tacos .
i came here pretty often my junior year at the u of i .
been going here since they first opened more than _ num _ years ago .
what attracted me the most was their ( huge ) margarita menu .
first of all , the drank .
it was delicious .
the food tasted great , but it was n't exactly authentic .
always wanted to try this place .
met friends here .
shared the asada relleno meal , chile relleno , and horchata .
loved their horchata ; very milky .
it came with free refills .
liked the meat in the asada relleno .
the chile relleno was good , a bit sour .
our server was very friendly .
service was 4 ~ 5 star .
we ordered a horchata , a burrito dinner and the el presidente .
the horchata was so good !
i used to work in new mexico and really enjoyed new mexican food .
i liked the chicken taco in the el presidente .
the chicken was very juicy .
however , the steak in my enchilada was on the drier side .
each dish could be two meals for an adult .
would love to try their margaritas in my next visit .
my experience with amtrak was surprisingly pleasant .
once it was delayed four hours .
i was not happy .
except wish i had invested in a good pair of noise-canceling headphones .
the bus took over four hours .
a _ num _ foot winnebago would cost about $ _ num _ .
did i mention i 'm having a slow day at work ?
but the reason i went for four stars was one man : `` mr .
i was definitely disappointed there .
come on , now ) .
last time i took amtrak anywhere it was to chicago from champaign .
the crew on the trains were always very pleasant and eager to please .
the food in the diner car was outstanding .
train arrived over an hour late : ( .
but that staff there were nice and helpful .
andy 's towed the car within _ num _ minutes of the call .
all these problems melted away , however , when we tried sam 's .
even my middle eastern friend was impressed .
the food was good though .
small chicken breast pieces , fried in a garlic sauce .
recommended .
a mixture of some sort and then fried , tasted strange .
by far the best food they had .
it was ok .
it was ok .
they were friendly and nice people .
oh well , i ordered it anyway .
it was very good and piping hot .
we each ordered a breakfast special and then split an order of french toast .
it was a tasty breakfast on a cold , rainy day .
our total was about as pleasing as the french toast .
the food was fast and good .
the food was great .
bacon was fresh and the right balance of crispy without being overdone .
but really , why would you be ?
full meals for under $ _ num _ ... how could you resist ?
i went here for breakfast and i was quite happy .
i had a bacon and cheese omelette and hash browns .
it was inexpensive and very tasty .
for a while they served lebonese food on some evenings but stopped doing that .
it was excellent , high quality and reasonably priced .
did you know the specials are here at the top ?
did you read what i wrote there ?
it was definitely pretty amazing .
basically hash browns , they were delicious .
still , we were in and out within an hour .
it felt cramped .
once we settled into our little nook i felt more comfortable .
this hole-in-the-wall was a great find .
service was fast and friendly , customers were a little gruff , but nice .
food was great for this greasy spoon .
we had t-bone steaks and french toast for breakfast .
not a long wait for anything and reasonably priced .
so glad i remembered seeing yelp reviews of sam 's .
the kids split an order of french toast and i had the breakfast special .
service was perfunctory but that could be owing to the place being so busy .
coffee was decent .
ordered the western omelet .
the american fries were a soggy mess and also without flavor .
did these reviewers eat the same stuff as i did ?
there was nothing remotely commendable about it .
it was soggy and relatively flavorless .
i tried it with and without syrup .
french toast was hidden like a pancake .
we all agreed that it was fantastic and full of charm .
i ordered the ribeye and eggs breakfast with a half order of french toast .
regardless of how its made , its wonderful .
met sam as he was busy at the grill .
paul and i went in to order some burgers .
the staff was very attentive .
i borrowed a pen to start my food diary .
i noticed a saint perched above the grill .
he offtered to share one with me for protection .
he said i should place it above a door way of my home .
the coffee was really good too and my bacon and eggs were delicious .
pancakes were my favorite !
the server was very friendly , and the food was brought out quickly .
we two ppl ordered _ num _ things .
we were completely disappointed and frustrated afterwards .
so we sat down and the service was just terrible .
he talked way too fast and barely gave us time to respond .
did n't like him at all .
it was edible , sure , but delicious ?
* another problem we had here .
all i had was coffee cause i 'm not a huge breakfast kinda guy ... but the coffee was awesome !
the rest of the gang ordered omelettes , and french toast and both looked superb .
that meant that we waited around fifty minutes for our food .
it might look run down or old , but everything looked clean .
the server was nice and attentive .
my husband always ordered denver omelette where we were here .
i was skeptical the french toast could be the best in the world .
they were amazing , perfect and the best ive ever had .
stopped through champaign on our way back to iowa from indiana .
whole family had breakfast .
every item ordered rocked !
french toast was unlike any i 've eaten ... was simply amazing !
well , the waiter was really nice .
stood in there for twenty minutes before anyone noticed us .
four tables without people , all covered with plates and trash .
we were told it would be awhile because there were no tables .
the wait person was prompt and friendly .
the food was just s bit too greasy and eggs were over cooked .
it was amazing , to say the least .
i ordered eggs , sausage and gus ' famous french toast .
this was the best tasting panfrench-cake toast i ever had .
they fixed a broken door handle on my car .
and they delivered .
they repaired the right side of my car which sustained multiple dents .
central il auto body did a wonderful job fixing my car .
i had extensive damage to the roof of my new toyota .
they replaced and repaired everything to perfect condition !
kept me informed through the entire process which was an added benefit .
definitely recommended !
charlie at central il auto body was very courteous and thorough during my estimate .
highly recommended .
brought my mom 's car in .
i expected to pick it up the next day .
they had it ready to go in just over an hour .
the mushroom cheeseburger was my favorite , and the fries - oh .
i would give my left arm for a murphy burger on some days .
however , they were delicious .
their burgers made me real sick once but i got over it .
got the turkey burger , yumm !
then refills of said beer are only _ num _ !
most of the time its pretty relaxed and quiet .
first of all , i already mentioned their beer on tap .
i had their turkey burger while my friends had the regular cheeseburgers .
we basically scarfed down our meals including the yummy fries .
if you 're visiting u of i , definitely hit up this place !
a campus tradition , with all kinds of stuff carved into the booths .
i was in champaign last week , on a wednesday evening .
murphy 's was the only place with their kitchen open after 10 pm .
i ordered a mega bacon cheeseburger and fries .
service here was terrible .
nevertheless , i was okay with my fish sandwich .
what i was served was a ridiculously gross , flavorless hockey puck .
irish nachos come in huge servings .
the first rating was over-generous .
1st example 2nd example crowded for unofficial so i 'm sure they are stressed .
he was pissed .
my bartender was helpful and super nice !
used to go before we hit the club .
i remembered thursday is like an unofficial international day .
food was cold .
almost broke a tooth on a french fry .
place was dirty .
date of original review : 09/11/2014 * based off of visits from august _ num _ - may _ num _ the food and drink selections are great and fairly priced .
the female bartender that took our lunch order had zero personality .
dropped in on a saturday afternoon and the place was empty .
we looked at the menu and standard bar food nothing different than others .
most likely a lively place later and could be decent to hang .
just did not work this time .
it was almost _ num _ in the afternoon and i sat at a pub table .
my sleeve got stuck to the table .
a voice came from behind the bar that said .
i got up and grabbed a couple menu 's .
looked it over and said .
good beer selection for campus town and reasonably priced .
lots of vandalized light wood .
i was stunned .
we waited an unusually long time for two burgers .
eh , this place was alright .
these were a rendition of the cheese curd but a very sub par one .
next off , i had the burger .
i ordered the mushroom burger which was the tuesday special .
the fries were mediocre at best .
i was here on business and decided to stop in for a drink .
a few people in the group ordered food and said it was n't bad .
from seeing the burgers , they looked pretty decent actually .
the process of ordering food was interesting .
always had a great time .
the only thing i was n't too happy about was the service .
it was quite slow .
it seemed like they were a little understaffed .
bar tenders were super cool and friendly .
awesome service and good prices for whatever domestics were on tap .
for two days i wondered how i burned my mouth .
plus the bartender was friendly and the specials were pretty good .
did they read reviews and decide to show up ?
i had the gypsy skillet and i thought it was dry .
the flavor was good for the most part .
the onions were overwhelming and there were too many potatoes and not enough mushrooms .
i also asked for my eggs to not be runny and they were .
i only gave them two stars because that is what i truly feel .
i might change my mind when and if i go back again .
we were super hungry initially , but omg were we stuffed afterwards !
which was so great !
they had a wide variety of dishes , and many healthy options .
my only complaint was the `` fresh squeezed '' orange juice .
i have to say , i was pleasantly surprised by le peep 's brunch . )
, and i was really happy with my granola blueberry pancakes .
he was n't so friendly and he cut us off while talking .
today i went and got their seafood crepes for $ _ num _ .
i used to frequent le peep .
that was so generous of her .
i answered no .
she asked the same question to the lady behind me that paid .
this breakfast spot had big shoes to fill .
the le peep up near northwestern was one of my favorites .
i went for the irish benedict and a cafe mocha .
i had the ham melt without mushroom and tomato .
my husband got the denver skillet ( $ _ num _ ) .
i tried the potatoes in it and they were good .
i had the raz ma taz smoothie and it was great .
we had a coupon so it was worth the visit .
breakfasted at lepeep on saturday .
service was good .
the pancake special sounded delicious : bacon and pecan .
ordered one .
it was okay .
as i said , food was mediocre .
visited le peep yesterday ( 5/2/2012 ) .
both i and my guest experienced marvelous food .
pictures of both were taken and uploaded .
hers looked fantastic .
my omelette was excellent .
melty cheese that was great .
and the ham was great .
we were treated like royalty .
i took my best buddy here for breakfast today .
i figured i 'd give the chambana le peep a whirl .
i ordered the `` wheat '' pancakes .
our food came rather quickly for a sunday morning .
they were in fact regular old un-nutritious pancakes with wheat germ delicately sprinkled atop .
the potatoes were okay .
my friend said her meal was alright .
the waitress was nice and attentive .
she made sure our drinks were never empty and she was pleasant .
would i return ?
had the seafarer !
breakfast , an omelet , was very average and the service was fair .
there was a _ num _ min wait which in my opinion was not bad .
everything sounded tasty .
it did n't disappoint .
upon delivery it was piping hot and visually pleasant .
each bite was good mmmm good .
the menu was extensive but what i ordered was nothing special .
had breakfast here today and the food was delicious .
i had french toast and it was very tasty .
the bathrooms were very clean .
ordered the fruit cakes & they were totally uninspired .
wish i had found this place sooner .
service was a tad slow .
i was with four others , and we all ordered something different .
yum but it was _ num _ % potatoes .
coworker had something hollandaise and said it was average .
flavored coffee was awesome .
the french toast was above average .
also tried the garden omelette which was very light and also delicious .
service was excellent , and prices were also very good .
hearing only good things about this place , i had relatively high expectations .
i first ordered a strawberry creme smoothie .
it came in a chilled glass mug .
upon first sip , i could taste the strawberries .
the food was served within 10-15 minutes .
and dear god , did the combination of both hit the spot !
the waiter/waitresses were very attentive .
they messed it up .
when a younger man , i did n't care for le peep .
well , some _ num _ years later i tried le peep again .
so on saturday i ordered the la petit french toast .
this was more like ` heated bread ' .
these reminded me of pancakes at ihop : bland tasting black holes for syrup .
another reviewer said lp is like pancake house only more expensive .
and such thing happened for two times already !
i had no idea gravy could be that good .
always had eggs benedict .
sometimes i was craving for their french toast originally i would have given this place _ num _ or _ num _ stars .
i asked if i could have a side salad with extra veggies .
i was told no to every possibility i came up with .
the server seemed annoyed and did n't assist me with any other options .
i ended up with _ num _ eggs and a bowl of plain oatmeal .
got the down home county pie more like down home delicious brunch !
i would recommend this place .
my spinnaker omelet was good , just met expectations .
huevos rancheros were a scramble , not the usual presentation of eggs easy over .
my daughter in law said its really just a fancy denny 's .
service was fast .
i ordered the eggs benedict , and was not at all disappointed .
there was even hot sauce already on the table !
the berry compote was nice and the sour cream was a fun touch .
would i go again ?
the food was edible , and the restaurant was clean and bright .
came with a group of _ num _ with no reservation .
it was busy but we were seated within _ num _ minutes .
i went with the stuffed french toast .
the eggs were good and the fruit was fresh .
only checkout was that check out was a bit chaotic .
pecan coffee was a nice added touch .
sir benedict omelet was delicious .
the shamrock eggs benedict was a 10/10 .
the potatoes were n't bad , despite being a little overcooked and salty .
this time i had the raspberry flavour .
it was amazing .
only issue i had was no bike parking .
so , i went to their website and selected two options .
we arrived around _ num _ on friday and were quickly seated .
but , then came a surprise .
the items mentioned on website were not their on menu .
my anxiety level was high , as i hate when my plan fails .
i loved both .
all of them were great le peep is one of the best forgotten restaurants in champaign .
our waitress molly was especially so .
i got the banana walnut pancakes with a side of links and eggs .
we tried omelette , egg benedict and pasta .
tasted like canned .
i ordered the linguine with white clam sauce .
food was overpriced and not that great .
slow service would n't even refill my drink .
bread served with oil and parmesan cheese .
went here with my girlfriend .
we both agreed it was good not great .
it was n't horrible but it was definitely forgettable .
i thought the prices were high for the food quality .
the tomato gravy was okay .
it would be good on pizza .
( i had the baked lasagna . )
when we arrived it was n't busy , but the service was sub par .
then the restaurant filled up and the service was non-existent .
for an app we had fried ravioli .
which was ok .
had lunch there on a rainy day .
the light was dark so i did not enjoy eating there .
the food was just so-so .
we had to ask for water , which did n't come until much later .
we finally asked for and were given exactly one slice of bread each .
um , why would that be , exactly ?
but , ok , message loudly and clearly received .
i picked the spaghettini and added meatballs .
they were t exactly busy but , ok , whatever .
my daughter-in-law had asked for alfredo sauce to be substituted on her pasta dish .
then , i looked at the bill .
loved the minestrone soup .
friendly atmosphere and waitresses was cute as a button .
nice relaxed menswear store .
i had a short-notice interview and i needed a suit that day .
i 'd always noticed this place downtown , so i stopped in .
the salesman was really great .
he even set me up with an appointment to get the suit altered .
yesterday i bought two stupendous greeting cards just because i liked them .
i really kind of liked this little store .
nicely organized .
did n't feel too cramped like some stores .
i had a lovely time browsing & found some beautiful jewellery .
priced competitively with other major chains .
highly recommended !
i came here from another oil change place that i was n't happy with .
they were nice and honest to me .
i had a very pleasant experience .
and the oil change literally took _ num _ min .
really took 10-20 min for full fluid change for nice price .
i went here based on the good reviews and was not disappointed !
i stopped going to jiffylube because of this .
yah , ya got ta love it .
too bad you missed it .
closed sunday and tuesday .
i never saw any of the arrangements i 've ordered .
do n't bother the nice man that now has the number ; ) went in at midnight on a saturday , and the place was mostly empty .
it was disgusting .
needless to say , we warned the next people who attempted to sit there .
the staff kept me updated every step of the way .
i was wrong they are awesome .
friendly service worked hard to make things write on my crashed van .
it did take them awhile to get it fixed .
several days in a row i got phone calls indicating `` probably tomorrow . ''
i would go there again .
dear franchisee , where the hell was the mayo or ketchup or water-laden lettuce and tomato ?
they told me they were out of chicken tenders ( ? )
yesterday , boyfriend and friends wanted hardee 's .
i asked for ranch dressing .
the drive through wait was longer than i had expected but not the worst .
she said she was just checking to be sure they were there .
clearly the person lied about putting it in the bag .
restaurant review it was effortless to order because there was no line .
this made me nervous with how dirty the restaurant was ... overall the booth 's were simply sticky .
the fries were fresh though .
overall this was my first and last experience with hardee 's .
pro : angus thick burger , a step above mcd but still not restaurant quality cons : dirty store ( bugs , a room that was flooded ... ) hidden gem : _ num _ .
the worst i never had a problem with this in the past .
if they had run out would n't just put a sign up ?
nelson , was that the hardee 's on bradley ?
we had some bad cleanliness issues there years ago .
but i went in .
the shop was clean & the staff were polite but not overly so .
it would n't be described as `` posh '' or `` immaculate . ''
and there was a definite difference in how much liquor each bartender put in .
in my opinion , both were pretty weak pours .
anyway , they asked me questions about my day , then performed it back .
i came of age here in many ways .
i even had a bartender recognize me and say hi outside of the bar .
very laid back and chilled for the most part .
i got there late and there was no seating .
i liked that there was no cover charge .
last time i ordered a glass of w.l .
if you are looking for more commonplace ingredients , i would look elsewhere .
i would give this place zero stars if i could .
i finally had them just turn it off .
okay , so i went back to give this place a second chance .
one of my favorite nail salons in town , and newly remodeled .
i had a fill done here the other day .
the tech asked me if i wanted square or round .
my first experience here was excellent .
it was in the fall of _ num _ when i learned i was pregnant .
the third time i went there i had a male tech .
i chose a vanilla colored nail polish and he said the same thing .
i told him i like light colors .
i thought it was sarcasm so i smiled back and just nodded my head .
while u was watching her , i counted way too many health code violations !
then he used tweezers that that had not been cleaned .
he cut my cuticles so low they started bleeding .
if i could give this less stars i would .
my friends and i went here for a pedicure .
she was very sweet and talkative .
i was absolutely astonished .
would never recommend to anyone else .
very nice and relaxed off campus bar .
none of that rushed , overzealous high school service .
also , better priced at app .
the owner was irritated as promised in other yelp reviews .
the dining area was cramped and uninviting .
like the tofu soup and kimchi fried rice here !
fried rice is wrapped in omelet egg .
donot come here in uiuc !
restaurant review my first venture into korean food in champaign was good .
it was easy to order because we were the first customers of the day .
i selected the combo platter of bulgogi which was _ num _ .
pro : average price korean food , large portion cons : long cook time , higher price than average lunch places hidden gem : your meal comes with rice , soup , and _ num _ korean ban chae self service for cost effective .
bibimbap sauce literally redeemed my meal .
but overall , would not recommend to eat with families or close friends .
had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time .
our waiter brought us out chips and salsa with two cups of salsa .
then we ordered guacamole , which he did n't bring us .
i ordered a steak quesadilla and it was huge and awesome .
my husband got something called the chevy spread ?
i was craving mexican food .
i ordered the flautas , my usual .
i ordered flautas , not a bloody fruit salad .
i wanted sour cream !
pico de gallo and shredded lettuce !
i would love to buy a tub of that salsa .
you could not pay me $ _ num _ to eat the food i ordered again .
we were starving .
neither of us had eaten all day .
the first thing we did was order the nachos .
there was * maybe * _ num _ ounces of cheese on my chips .
the entire plate of nachos probably cost them $ _ num _ .
we did not finish them .
lucky us , or so we thought .
the beef in my tacos was ground fine .
the beans were the texture of a watery soup .
the chicken taco was edible .
i ate it at least .
i was starving though .
again , we had n't eaten all day .
i did n't touch the nacho cheese coated burritos .
i tried the chimichanga last .
i had two bites .
the rice was the best thing on the plate .
the service was as good as it possibly could have been .
you could tell the servers did not like working there .
our server did n't bring us the check .
he had the busser/dishwasher bring us the check .
honestly , we felt sorry for him .
one time i had a waiter bring more corn cake then entree .
i told him i loved him and left a hefty tip .
ooh , i just remembered something i get .
the tacos were great .
with limited options in campaign this weekend , i suggested chevy 's .
also , the service was mediocre .
she was n't even bad , she just lacked a personality .
bummer chevy 's ... i wanted to like you .
the chips had no salt and the salsa tasted like ketchup .
it looked like baby food and did not hold together at all .
but the food was beyond repulsive .
they followed me here ? )
we saw that on fridays they have a $ _ num _ frozen strawberry margarita special .
that deal was calling our name , so we each got one .
the chips and salsa , however , were totally blargh !
they were n't even worth eating .
also , the bartender was visibly perturbed when we asked for the check .
closed .
i would n't be surprised if it were worth trying .
this place existed before campus got swanked up over the last number of years .
crispy , not too heavily battered , not too greasy .
but my all time favorite is the legends ranch chicken served only on mondays .
i had a delicious chicken wrap with french fries .
i liked the all-wood interior , gave the place a nice feel to it .
wait staff and bartenders were always nice .
we were a bit disappointed to see bags of chips .
if only they would stop repainting the exterior wackier and wackier every _ num _ years ... legendarily lame .
we also really enjoyed the outdoor seating area out back .
but straying from those favorites might make you wish you had n't .
i used to like this bar when i was in college , on occasion .
i definitely had some good times there , and the outdoor area was nice .
you did n't realize this is an illini bar ?
how could you not tell from the blue and traffic cone orange facade ?
i did n't have food or alcohol so i can not comment on those .
come here thursday 's for `` logo night . ''
i was not disappointed .
they came back from the bar after another 20 + minutes without drinks .
another bonus was that the bartender serving me was very cute .
and the student newspaper voted them for best service !
i did n't think it was sleazy .
the bun , beef , and topping could all bring more to the table .
would definitely go again .
looks like a fun bar at night too you really had to twist your head around or rearrange the 50 lb barstools .
they misspelled my name on the ride the rail name list on their wall .
there were only _ num _ bartenders working and the line was very long .
moreover , the bartender got me the wrong beer !
my favorite campus bar , how many grilled chicken sandwiches have i enjoyed here ?
could lunch get any more divine ?
had a fish sandwich on friday and it was quite good .
casual atmosphere and we went early to avoid the late night bar crowd .
he made a substitute drink but it was just awful .
no hassles from the locals , though , which was nice .
in fact , everyone there seemed to be having a chill but fun time .
i ordered the fish sandwich with onion rings and it was so good .
and money wise , it was definitely worth it .
the salsa also had a nice kick too , very delicious .
the service was great too .
the food was pretty decent .
i had a ham and swiss sandwich with guinness mustard on a pretzel bun .
the most disgusting food i have ever been ` served ' in my life .
the fries were cold and the service was less than desirable .
i gave it _ num _ [ $ ] just because it so overpriced .
this however was the worst food i have ever had at any location .
the chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting .
the philly cheesesteak and burger we had for lunch were very good .
the service was great , waitress was very attentive .
there was only one negative while we were there .
there was a university of illinois football game on .
i nearly walked past the hostess booth i just wanted a beer and the service was horrible .
i got one beer and could n't get the bartender to come back .
btw-for a college town , the girls were n't good looking at all .
maybe because it was monday night and the c team was working .
wings and buffalo shrimp were great .
fried pickles were cooked just right .
service was above average but it was a very slow night .
as always , hooters did n't disappoint .
this place was bad i came in hooters because of course i love it this is a tester store so they try new menus but here is the weird part i 'm _ num _ % puerto rican a well respected one because there was plenty of seats waitresses were great !
waitress came around offering a free margarita to critique the bartender .
walked out after sitting for _ num _ minutes - no service .
the food was great , as usual .
this happened at 8:30 pm .
we were really shocked by looking at the whole experience .
our waitress last time was especially wonderful !
she smiled and engaged us all the way through our meal .
we really appreciated her .
this was a great massage !
i would definitely recommend it , especially because the prices are awesome .
my husband got me a gift certificate for a one-hour massage with glenn .
that was , hands down , the best hour massage i have ever gotten .
both of us were so relaxed and just felt great after .
i loved this no-frills , just-massage approach .
it was my first time there , but not in the building itself .
glenn made me feel comfortable and then gave me an excellent first massage experience .
i came away feeling great , relaxed and renewed .
i 'll be back and would gladly recommend him to friends .
the meal ended with fortune cookies and a plate of succulent oranges .
the service was great and the prices were n't bad either .
i found myself @ peking garden celebrating a friends ' completion of his prelims .
i was horrified and delighted simultaneously .
that was my fault for ordering it , not theirs for making it .
i sampled everyone else 's dishes however , and they were quite tasty .
except the second time -- my fortune was blank .
i had my hopes high ... i took a few bites and threw the rest in the trash ( ... i ca n't believe i 'm confessing to this !
that , and the appetizers were very yummy .
luckily i was able to find one on campusfood.com .
i ordered chicken and broccoli and the portions were huge .
fried rice - fairly standard , right ?
there was nothing in it .
it smelled like cardboard and had no discernible flavor .
just rice doused with soy sauce .
the chicken did not taste like general tso .
it was not spicy .
it was not flavorful .
average fast food chinese served by friendly people .
peking garden was a weird case for me though .
at the time , i would have almost gave it a _ num _ star rating .
i was glad i did n't though .
my entree was great but the soup and egg roll tasted weird .
the service was also bad this trip .
the worst part was that me and my girlfriend got food sickness from it ... it was not fun especially since we both had to work later that day .
i was n't familiar with basil chicken .
so i asked the young lady at the counter what was in it .
she informed me that it was carrots , onions , chicken and sauce .
( i asked because i do not like green peppers or mushrooms . )
it did n't even contain carrots or onions .
since it was their mistake i figured they would make it right .
i called to complain .
she replied , `` i do n't care ! ''
and hung up on me .
i literally would eat it everyday if i had a heart of steel .
forgot to write a review last week .
a friend treated me to dinner here .
it was clean and quiet and the service was prompt and courteous .
the egg rolls were good .
my entree was delicious and plentiful .
again , the house tea was good .
loved their home style tofu and egg plant .
atmosphere was nice .
the owner was very friendly .
also good won ton soup .
the shrimp fried rice is delish !
- the little donuts were super yummy , though standard .
i tried the mandarin beef , mongolian beef and potstickers .
the cashier was also friendly and remembered what i ordered right away .
there were a couple other orders ready when i went .
ordered for delivery _ num _ min before close food came quick food good listened to special requests recommended so , the next best option was to get delivery .
the child screamed .
the man yelled back and then hit him again .
got take out on a monday night .
i used the online ordering which was convenient and easy .
we got a chicken lo mein combo and an empress chicken .
the chicken lo mein was good .
portion size including the rice was huge .
the egg rolls that game with it were average .
my empress chicken was alright .
it tasted like every other sweet and sour sauce .
the chicken also seemed to be a little soft and mushy .
our meal cost $ _ num _ .
i unfortunately was just not very impressed with my empress chicken .
the dumplings were huge and homemade .
dinner for _ num _ with drinks and appetizers came to almost exactly $ _ num _ .
i thought it was a great value .
it was n't the newest .
it was n't the flashiest .
but it was one of the best chinese meals i 've had in years .
i never would have guessed since this place looks pretty average .
i came here 1-2 times a week for a semester .
probably not the healthiest option , but it was one of the most delicious !
he smiled and started making my dog .
both he and the woman working there at the time were very polite .
the dog itself was pretty good .
i had a very average experience here .
i loved dandelion when i lived in champaign .
i went with selling the clothes in favor of the concert .
`` used . ''
i just did n't find it that great .
i would like to see them get more variety of jewelry , however .
i came here with a friend this summer .
we had a blast !
i was certain i would never have shoes like these again .
when i found them here , and in my size !
it was the greatest day !
my fiance got some amazing pants there .
i did n't find anything , but even in la that 's not unusual .
mens items were very clear .
the woman working the register was friendly and helpful .
i was in chambana and i needed new shoes .
i saw this place and i figured -- why not ?
never had a bad time at the tumble inn .
i spent many , many nights here and always had fun .
loved the genuine neighborhood feel and the old busch stadium seats at the tables .
the service was wonderful and the older decor brought a smile !
needless to say i was none too happy and gave up .
i used to love bob evans .
we had pork roast with mashed potatoes and carrots .
anyhoo , they made us feel welcome after a long road trip .
the food was excellent , i had the breakfast .
our waitress could not have been less thrilled to serve us .
the food was decent .
we had french toast and an omelet .
both satisfied the breakfast craving .
service was good and fast .
took about 15-20 minutes to get a table , but the service was good .
i had the potato encrusted pollack with green beans & baked potato .
my daughter had the pancakes with link sausage .
our last visit to bob evans was only ok .
this bob evans was like the others .
good when needing something familiar : - ) decided to try lunch to go today .
i ordered the ham & swiss grilled on sourdough and vegetable soup .
i liked the bread and the swiss cheese .
the vegetable soup was ok but it had a lot of corn in it .
the people working at the counter were very nice and the service was speedy .
however , the second time i went here , it was for breakfast .
service was ok , attentive and friendly .
staff was mostly friendly and courteous .
food was not so good .
they ran out of pico-de-gallo for nachos at noon !
the eggs and biscuits were nice but not as good as other places .
boy oh boy did that joy end quickly !
ordered a full order of biscuits & gravy , the meal came fairly quickly .
it was hot as well .
my 1st indication of an issue were the hard ass biscuits he brought me .
i was completely grossed out !
then my apple juice had something floating in it .
gravy was good & workers were nice .
who would 've thought i 'd be reviewing a library ?
he could n't believe the changes .
now if only i could get a library card !
shelves and shelves of books , organized so intuitively and neatly .
what more could i want ?
i thought that was the point of a library ?
i explained to them that due to a condition i could not sit differently .
they again asked me to move .
every single item on the list was checked to be cleaned .
i was even charged a fee to clean those off .
and you should n't either ... i was happy enough with my apartment with barr .
i would have cleaned it had i known i was supposed to .
i felt like i had no privacy at all .
this lasted at least _ num _ months .
authuser = 0 & feat = directlink pictures i took after cleaning : https : / / picasaweb.google.com/110253500433385469135/510smattisapt107moveoutpictures ?
took _ num _ cats there .
been happy with dr. mcelroy .
he explained everything in detail and always asked for my approval before doing anything .
the staff was great and dr. dust was wonderful .
i liked that the waiting areas for dogs and cats were separated too .
she listened to my concerns and was incredibly receptive to my thoughts and opinions .
he said it was nothing to worry about .
i felt so much better .
took them to vca and all it was was a bladder infection !
: ) my cat received great care from dr. mcelroy at vca .
his backside was very red , swollen , and tender .
he also had an infection in his ear that she prescribed an ointment for .
the veterinarian was wonderful !
i was very happy with the staff .
vca was great through the whole process .
costs were reasonable .
i had the very same experience as sarah .
he had nail polish all over his hands and my toes .
i literally started laughing because it was so absurdly bad .
the whole experience was rushed , which made me feel very uncomfortable .
i was looking forward to a relaxing experience & it did not happen .
this lady ( the owner ) had an overall rough touch .
my wife and i been here several times and were very happy every time .
maybe they got new staff in the _ num _ years since the last review ?
easy access to drinking with the bar wrapped around the `` center '' wall .
the drinks on hand were pretty cool .
never was disappointed once .
we found great seats up in balcony , which had it 's own bar .
were the bar stools and benches comfortable ?
all towns would be so lucky to have a music venue like the highdive .
would never recommend to anyone .
the bouncer was very casual and stamped your hand if you were underage .
he filled my water three times and i was very grateful .
when the band played , my friend and i stood in the middle .
the high dive would be a great experience if you were into the band .
i was here a few weeks ago for the claw event .
it was amazing !
great night , music was really good .
anyone could have taken it !
the sound was nearly perfect .
i would love to come back .
the first time i went there i was astounded by how huge it was .
and they were only $ _ num _ each .
so they definitely had a nice children 's section .
i could spend months in this store .
if only i had more time today .
i told her that i was looking to get my son some p.j .
's , and with that she said `` oh ... carry on ! ''
i was like , wtf !
she then said with a huff , `` fine !
`` , and mumbled something under breath .
i used to go to wet seal , forever _ num _ .
my daughter wanted her hair done so they started to curl it .
kind of awkward walking around the mall with half of your hair curled .
but did purchase some cheap _ num _ scarves last winter .
two people sitting at front desks looked almost surprised that a customer walked in .
i called over looking for a magnepull .
they said they had one and then quoted me a price .
i thanked them for checking .
the guy said they did n't sell anything like that .
i forgot how bad they.are .
we bought a sleep number mattress in this store in january .
the warranty - we were told sure no problem !
i ordered my bed on 8/31 during the labor day sale .
the people at the chandler store were very nice .
they said that the bed would take 2-3 weeks for delivery .
this required me to take a day off from work to receive the bed .
not sure if ready to buy but wanted to explore the product !
the store was `` white-glove '' clean and the atmosphere felt warm and inviting !
was asked my preference of pillow ( i am a soft ! )
: ) he offered to see what we could get out by buffing the scratch .
the minute i pulled in mr. ivey was there to help me .
he would n't even let me do that .
he just asked i remember him if i got in an accident .
i would definitely take my car there again .
doug was very friendly and professional .
our car got hit and needed a paint job on the front bumper .
two cars damaged within a week due to winter weather .
highly recommended .
had my entire bumper replaced after a winter collision .
best price i found in champaign area .
car was finished the day after i dropped it off nice hotel .
bed was comfy .
would stay again .
we spent one night at the la quinta inn in champaign while attending ebertfest .
handicapped-accessible primarily meant a larger bathroom/bathtub , which is always a good thing .
stayed just for a day while visiting friends in urbana .
carpet seemed very new and clean .
breakfast was good .
coffee was very good .
i was not satisfied with my stay .
clean , nicely decorated , close to the highway .
this recently remodeled hotel was perfect for our two night stay for a wedding .
the rooms were clean and nicely decorated .
the main lobby was very nice !
i took it back to my room .
the pool looked nice , we ran out of time to use it .
i would definitely stay there again !
- the staff was all friendly .
- the bed was comfortable , and the room was clean .
since i do n't eat wheat , i did n't have anything .
it was move in day for my daughter at uiuc college .
i was pleasantly surprised .
it was very clean , beds comfortable , breakfast was very nice .
the bathrooms were a bit small but overall the room was very comfortable .
i would stay here again without hesitation .
the staff was friendly .
the room was comfortable .
we were very happy with our stay .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
our room was spacious , clean , and smelled fresh .
the bed was so comfortable .
it had a cheap feel to it .
there was a time _ num _ years ago when la quinta was a quality brand .
the front deck clerk was somewhat arrogant and the breakfast was chintzy .
what really irritated me was the pricing .
i would like to liken this to extortion .
we arrived to find our room exactly as we expected .
it was comfortable , quiet and in an excellent location .
they welcomed our small dog with a doggie biscuit as well .
the room was less than $ 70/night , and it was a steal .
when we got to our king suite , i was pleasantly surprised .
recommended .
i had a very hard time hearing anything my friend said .
we finished our food and got out of there so we could visit .
it took _ num _ minutes for her to come and take our drink order .
and that really made her madder .
both times we also had poor service .
i did not like the pizza .
the waitress seemed to be a little rude .
i really enjoyed my pizza at monical 's .
a schoolmate advised me to ask for their french dressing on my pizza .
it was absurd , of course , but tasted fantastic .
we ordered the stuffed pizza .
it was fabulous !
you got ta try it !
worked at one when i was _ num _ lol .
pizza was pretty good ! 
everything was usually pretty fresh and hot . 
there was something about this pizza that was addictive . 
there was very little sauce, fairly dry cheese, and a chewy crust . 
i didn't knew what to call it... . 
because every local i knew loved monicals . 
in fact, they even sold their french dressing online ! 
seriously, i had had looked. ) 
the pizza was pretty good, but not the best in champaign-urbana . 
i preferred papa del's . 
awesome sauce and topping of seasonings . 
oooh and a pitcher of fountain root beer was the perfect bev . 
fast service, was ready to start eating the salad/ breadsticks within minutes of ordering . 
gim me some family pleaser now ! 
family pleaser was the way to go . 
the toppings were just right too . 
does anyone even ordered anything else ? 
love the food, the service, everything . 
i travelled_ num_ nights/ year for work so i ordered food a lot . 
your company knew this... yet continued to serve it ? 
i liked other much cheaper pizza than this . 
love the thin crust pizza and the family/ neighborhood atmosphere . 
the pizza crust was so perfectly crispy . 
the location was literally_ num_ miles from the house . 
going to just went to the store for refund of the sauce and bread . 
this was the worst monicals i ever ate at . 
within a month they messed up_ num_ of our pizzas . 
the pizzas were soggy and tuff . 
avoid this place at all costs ! 
not a terrible place to rent a budget truck from . 
nothing special about it, but they got the job did . 
this was a very nice hotel, especially for the price . 
breakfast every morning was great (not healthy! ) 
the bartender mark was a great guy . 
he had a ton of stories, who knew if they was true . 
this place was absolutely amazing for the price . 
i had med always a sucker for pet parrots . 
i had med really not sure how this place got such high ratings . 
the complementary breakfast was not good . 
overall, everything about this hotel was repulsive and disappointing . 
i had had was staying here over a month due to my job . 
this was over a month of getting breakfast . 
the staff was very friendly, and the rooms were comfortable . 
the breakfast was ok... not great, but decent . 
tip your breakfast attendants, people ! 
all in all, i gave it_ num_ stars . 
possible improvements and things to note: the breakfast crowd varied between week and weekend . 
very helpful getting a wedding bouquet to dearest friends from_ num_ miles away . 
blossom basket was awesome ! 
no luck with calling for any help in complaint . 
ownership didn't seemed to care . 
blossom basket was my first stop for all of my floral needs and wanted . 
the staff was friendly and the quality of the product was exquisite . 
i was definitely a fan of blossom basket ! 
what a way to run a quality business . 
thank you blossomed basket for a job well did ! 
i highly recommended them and didn't used anyone else in champaign ! 
blossom basket was timely and efficient . 
when i called them with an order, they did it right every time . 
they was the only florist i called . 
blossom basket florist made beautiful flower arrangements . 
i saw a lot of them because i worked in a hospital . 
the blossom basket staff was courteous and friendly . 
i highly recommended them . 
their hours stinked . 
now they had had adopted a herd the cattle style of doing business . 
take a number& waited . 
i guessed you can did business this way when you had a monopoly . 
they even kneeling buses for wheelchair dependent citizens . 
the mass transit system in champaign-urbana was actually really good ! 
you can got almost anywhere by the bus ! 
oh mtded, how i missed you . 
enter champaign-urbana mass transit district . 
:) the website was unfortunately abbreviated (http:// www.cumtd.com), but wonderfully comprehensive . 
:) i had had always was pretty indifferent about the cu mtd . 
then, today, i read this: http:// www.newsgazette.com/news/local/2009/04/09/no_mtd_service_planned_this_sunday public transportation was being suspended in observance of a religious holiday . 
are you freakin 'kidding me ? 
mtd was a great way to get to class when the weather was nasty . 
at least the mtd buses were free to students . 
and they was a blast when the bars close ! 
this was my 4rd year in uc and cu mtd was a life saver... you can went almost everywhere with them almost anytime . 
very useful when you got wind chills of_ num_ f... . 
my only complain was that sometimes the rides were too crowded . 
i used the bus all the time and it was a pleasure . 
i had med sure it was only better now . 
i had med biased b/ c i worked here for two years while on campus . 
but this subway was much cleaner than the one on john st . 
didn't wanned na thought about that . 
great place for subs while running between classes ! 
it was great during lunch hours when everything was packed . 
they worked real quick, you were normally out in less than_ num_ minutes . 
it took them forever to do anything . 
: (the students here were filled to the brim with boredom . 
this was my favorite place to get my hair cut in all of c-u . 
it was a korean place, yes . 
most of the other clients was korean, yes . 
please checked this place out ! 
this was the worst haircut experience of my life . 
spend a little bit more money and saved yourself the trouble and disappointment . 
i was male . 
this was the worst place and the worst stuff i ever met . 
he just used the scissor to scrambling on your head and finish . 
right now i had to use gatsby every single day ! 
never ever went this place again . 
i was very very very unhappy . 
did not go here ! 
the korean lady at red hair gave the best hair cut ever . 
clearly they didn't wanted my business ! 
i wanted a neck massage ! 
i wanted to feel sexy ! 
these ladies were pretty adorable . 
now... the bangs . 
you needed to specify exactly what you wanted to prevent them from butchering them . 
make sure you got the lady ! 
she was really great and very friendly ! 
she always cut fast and very stylishly . 
also, this place was right on campus, which was great . 
got my hair cut short and took care of the split ended . 
nice korean run place, parking was difficult love getting my haircut here ! 
it was only$_ num_ for a women's haircut . 
sue and kee was absolutely amazing, they was very skilled and also friendly ! 
first, my apologies for not knowing the names of the hair stylists . 
their popularity often meant that appointments were booked solid a week in advance . 
they had had always used scissors for everything except neck and sideburns . 
many of the reviews below was quite dated . 
i had med not korean, and it never was an issue . 
one of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists was wonderful and nice ! 
one of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists was wonderful and nice ! 
they only took cash, which seemed strange . 
the barber was highly skilled and easy to communicate with . 
you knew, i actually liked rock's . 
rock's was a decent bar/ pub/ grill/ patio spot that was pleasant in the summer heat . 
i can told you right now that you were very wrong . 
second, the bar had a much better atmosphere for watching the big game . 
lastly, they served the best horseshoes anywhere near campus . 
you really had to go just to try one . 
screw conservatives idea of planned parenthood . 
so was you sans health insurance ? 
it differed based on income . 
plus, the staff was helpful, friendly, comforting and very knowledgeable . 
need a refill on your birth control but didn't had contraceptive coverage ? 
or needed birth control and was too afraid to get your parents 'permission ? 
we was living in_ num_ . 
the sweetest planned parenthood i had had was to . 
it was obvious that they was heavily needed here . 
this also meant appointments filled up fast so didn't dawdled, y 'hear ? 
it can took up to two weeks depending on the procedure . 
they had the requisite beach sunset pictures on the ceiling also, heh . 
outside of the cliche and tired pro-life/ choice argument (nobody was pro-abortion . 
way to address the sexy white elephant in the room . 
the people who worked here was really sweet and informative . 
yay, let's continued to oppress women's sexuality ! 
... unbelievable... i was considering a lawsuit . 
i never saw more unprofessional behavior . 
as a low-income graduate student, i qualified for the illinois healthy women program . 
i already recommended champaign's planned parenthood to my friends . 
it was now a beautiful, modern facility . 
what was worse than going to planned parenthood ? 
... tick, tock... ready for the answer ? 
most of the time, the staff was great . 
they was cheerful and seemingly happy to be doing their job . 
i wished i remembered their names, but i didn't . 
because i thought this was a valuable service . 
most of the time their providers was great . 
do doctors had bad days ? 
i was sure they did . 
i had med also sure they did that as well . 
bottom line was... it was not super professional . 
it happened, though . 
nonetheless, they always gave me the information and services i needed . 
the staff in champaign was amazing . 
by far the best gynecology people i ever was to . 
they was very sweet and understanding . 
i was no longer afraid of my yearly ! 
way to improperly utilized your resources . 
i was going to this location for a couple of years now . 
i always loved the staff they went above and beyond for people . 
i was sad to be moving away from the awesome people here . 
easy to make an appointment . 
wide array of services and the staff was ready to answer any questions . 
they liked the campus and the teachers . 
i had lots of friends who attended this school . 
there was lots this school had to offer . 
check this school out . 
` at illnois, you were not a number, you were nine numbers.  '
it was a place that was easy to both loved and hate . 
grading was harsh here ! 
las was the caught-all college that got shafted a lot . 
many of my lectures was too big and in auditoriums was literally falling apart . 
i had had had my smallest and favorite classes in aces . 
i adored most of my professors i had in this college . 
i recommended aces, but only if you were truly interested in the curricula . 
_ num_ classes were where learning went to die . 
the drunken anti-intellectual environment can was stifling if you didn't found a niche . 
i liked the chambana area, even if it had some minor annoyances . 
the weather here was horrible . 
you were always meeting new people who was cool and interesting . 
college was just a stepping stone to work . 
i had to say that uiuc did its job . 
oh waited . 
you can probably got that anywhere else . 
what more did you wanted ? 
to whom it may concerned at the uiuc, thanked you for finally dropping the chief as your mascot . 
it was a perfect distance from chicago . 
go illini like much in life, you got out of uiuc what you put in . 
champaign-urbana... you either loved it or you didn't . 
it wasn't chicago and it wasn't the suburbs . 
i had med still here, so obviously i loved it . 
go . 
hail to the orange hail to the blue hail alma mater ever so true... (so truuuuueeeee) we loved no other so let our motto was:`` victory, illinois (sssssss), var-si-ty!  ''
ill-ini-illini til i died ! 
let's took a cornfield and built two cities in it . 
now let's took these cities and dropped a university right where they intersected . 
oh waited, someone already did that . 
it was called the university of illinois at urbana champaign . 
but only if you looked . 
enjoy your time, didn't wasted it away complaining or being afraid . 
go to one of each type of sports event at least once . 
play frisbee or sunbathed on the quad at least once . 
use a fake i d at least once . 
didn't wasted it, its over before you knew . 
i had med a fan . 
no better way to be surrounded by so many different people . 
uic had an average age of_ num_ and much higher diversity rates . 
that and it was in my wonderful city of chicago . 
what university wasn't this way ? 
but you did had to want to . 
you had to work for it . 
it was not dropped in your lap . 
the diversity was out there . 
but it was there . 
the classes here were top notch . 
but it was not so much what i actually learnt in class . 
i was a very proud alumna . 
go illini ! 
i only wished that i decided to go there in the first place . 
this was a great academic institution . 
i loved it here . 
this was classic college at its finest . 
as a lower classman, your classes were large and very tough . 
they was unofficially called weed courses . 
they ensured that the strong students continued and succeeded . 
this was a very large university . 
illinois had a large international student population, making it incredibly diverse . 
illinois also was a pioneer in handicap accessibility since the 1970s . 
the opportunities here were amazing and available to everyone . 
large universities were not for everyone . 
regardless, it was still one of the best in higher education . 
it was gigantic, yet full of personality and character . 
it was daunting, but not insurmountable . 
i had med thankful for that . 
there was a strong organizing tradition here . 
people* care* about things, and it was nice to see . 
campus was very spread out . 
we loved no other so let our motto was victory, illinoissssssssssssssed ! 
long lived the chief ! 
the only good thing about champaign was the school itself . 
there was a bunch of interesting characters and plenty to do . 
the school offered a variety of classes to produce well rounded and worldly graduates . 
there was resources to help with interviewing skills, resumes, and job connection . 
there was nothing like supporting your school and bleeding orange and blue . 
it was the quintessential college experience ! 
one of the greatest research institutions that existed . 
i-n-i i was so proud to call this place my alma mater . 
socially, this place was a mess . 
i highly recommended roland realty . 
other than that, there was some aspects i missed . 
they was that friendly . 
need a permit or a document ? 
go to office a . 
office a told you to go to office b . 
for us, there wasn't any other colleges . 
i l l i n i what was up with that ? 
is homecoming segregated ? 
is discrimination a problem at u of i ? 
ignore the haters . 
join a student organization, or better yet, started one . 
find some ethnic cuisine you had had never tried before . 
skip the campus bars every now and then and tried out downtown champaign . 
pull an all-nighter in the ugl . 
go to your professor's office hours for a change . 
pick up some b movies at that was rentertainment . 
play intramural sports . 
get a job at a dorm dining hall and made lifelong friends . 
watch some kids played dance dance revolution extremely well in the illini union . 
read a book of poems on the quad . 
i had med not a frat bro . 
things did not change over time . 
very pretty view and lots of stores, restaurants, bars... good combination of academic and party life . 
i had med writing this review as a uiuc graduate . 
positives:-the campus was really beautiful and generally visually appealing . 
the architecture was fantastic . 
as you walked around campus, it felt quintessential . 
it was especially college-looking in the fall . 
(you knew, like all the brochures that got sent out. ) 
-you were only required to live on campus freshmen year . 
it was much cheaper than on-campus housing with a meal plan . 
it was the midwest . 
people was friendly . 
it was a small world for such a big school . 
-we hosted some pretty epic events here . 
i didn't thought i needed to say anything more about that . 
-your education was whatever you made of it . 
other people slid by and only went to class when there was an exam . 
negatives:-this school was expensive . 
-greek life can somewhat overwhelmed the social scene at times . 
-urbana/ champaign had nothing going for it except for the university . 
everything in the area caters to college students . 
no wonder drinking was so big here . 
sometimes there wasn't much else to do . 
-a lot of lab/ research opportunities was for graduate students only . 
now the great professors were retiring . 
the last ten years were a nightmare of mismanagement . 
but for now, there was many great universities to attend in the us . 
some neighboring states offered in state tuition to illinois residents . 
if you wanted to party hardy, illinois was the place to go . 
steer clear of the college of media entirely . 
amidst all the financial scandals, the lincoln theater did looked quite impressive . 
the little courtyards housed the bricks bearing names of the donations . 
the university of illinois was really moving upwards and always trying to improve itself . 
i knew if my brother attended he was in private housing . 
i just didn't thought we got the best first impression . 
favorite place on campus to see a performance ! 
this place was definitely three steps up from the typical university art museum . 
i was so glad we did ! 
didn't missed it ! 
there was a great one about baggage right now . 
that was how you tempted folks into gettin 'a little culture . 
check it out next time you were in c-u . 
the east wing was haunted . 
nice university museum but certainly not the best i saw . 
you definitely got your money's worth with her large beautiful arrangements . 
april's was my went-to place for flowers . 
april's consistently delivered great arrangements and smiles ! 
meat quality tended to be iffy . 
this was the place to go for cheap chinese food in campustown . 
my personal favorite was their spicy fish filet . 
what the heck was some of the best chinese cuisine anywhere doing in champaign ? 
they made other dumpling/ potsticker selections looked pretty pathetic by comparison in size and flavor . 
my preferred place to eat chinese on campus . 
their general tso's chicken was amazing . 
unless you were sharing it with someone else . 
i doubted i can was completely objective; i loved the place too much . 
i meant, i had had watched the family's kids grew up ! 
i recommended the general tso's chicken . 
the flavor of the sauce was amazing and the consistency of the chicken excellent . 
sit by the window and watched the campus walked by below... great location . 
best general tso's chicken i ever had, and i had med chinese . 
but man, was it spicy ! 
one of the best fast-food chinese places i had had ever ate at . 
definitely went here when you had the hankering for chinese . 
never ordering from this place again . 
the campus chinese place to go was lai-lai, period . 
empire was cheap, super fast, and generally satisfying . 
dishes may were slightly greasy, but they was tasty as hell . 
even for a cheap chinese place the atmo leaved much to be desired . 
and i had med not at all fussy about that . 
the food was delicious and the portions were well worth it . 
now that was what i called mediocre ! 
i had med not a snob when it came to chinese food at all . 
my previous experiences at empire were pretty good . 
it was still a good amount of food for the money . 
i didn't usually reviewed boring chinese places, but well here i was . 
empire was my went-to place for cheap chinese food . 
the food was good enough and the price was low . 
i really loved this family-owned/ ran business . 
i loved the general's or orange chicken . 
$_ num_ got you_ num_ . 
complete steal . 
empire also finally took cc's, but there was lame$_ num_ min . 
this was my favorite place to eat chinese food on campus . 
that dish was amazing . 
but boy was i glad we tried it . 
empire was cheap . 
each time we ordered delivery it lasted at least_ num_ meals . 
in general, the chinese menu items (house specialty/ szechuan) were awesome . 
the portion was always huge and i brought home leftovers . 
they also offered free hot tea and water during your meal . 
i really wished i had this place nearby, i missed it . 
their food was amazing, best chinese food i had had had hands down . 
i thought it was safe to say i had med never going back . 
but they did served congee ! 
food seemed decent overall and portions were priced well . 
i highly recommended the hunan pork and pork egg foo yong . 
the free tea was great as well ! 
environment was quiet crowded and messy . 
never wanted to try again it was good for different dishes had different feeling . 
there was nothing really special besides the free tea . 
the place was kinda dumpy but i liked the food... this was one of the only places on campus that i 'd got chinese . 
the taste was good, too, maybe not the best but indeed good . 
a little excessive on the starbuck's bashing though... hoorah pretention ! 
to both killed... and died for . 
however, the bathroom was terrifyingly small . 
that was a problem . 
even the bagels were great . 
:) this was my daily coffee stop . 
and oh my gosh, did i mentioned the oatmeal raisin cookies ? 
ahhhhhh no wonder people here was so round . 
it was like a sunday evening and there was seriously no one here . 
it was not busy . 
there was no line . 
it was not like i took a long time deciding what i wanted . 
i had med like a regular too . 
coming here about 5x/ week . 
ugh i had med so mad really, the worst of the espresso locations on campus . 
second of all, the coffee was nearly always burnt . 
how hard was it to brew a cup . 
listen . 
it balanced things out . 
foam the milk, didn't scorched it . 
it was supposed to be foamy not watery . 
no, coffee was not supposed to taste like burnt acid . 
i guessed that was your way of being funny too ? 
it was still not balancing out . 
the flavor was very robust and espresso tended toward a darker roast . 
favorite to drink: hazelnut americano . 
there was something about the way they prepared drinks that really worked for me . 
i had med sure i 'll was back at least once a leep weekend . 
the obvious choice for gslis students and staff; we was heavily caffeinated . 
good place to grab some coffee between classes . 
the drinks were almost always tasty and the food was pretty good . 
i liked the chicken salad sandwich, which had cranberries in it . 
i had med not sure why it took me so long to frequent this place . 
there was plenty of seating between the upstairs and the downstairs . 
love to get coffee here whenever i had med in champaign ! 
it sold coffee and iced tea . 
it was drinkable . 
the lemon bars were good . 
at least it was not another starbucks ? 
the coffee here was atrocious . 
but i still had a 10-oz . 
always grabbed sth in the afternoon before i went to class third strike, you were out ! 
i had had gave this place three opportunities to_ nummed_ . 
provide service with a smile and not an attitude . 
provide a drink that i could actually swallowed . 
bring the mop ! 
it tasted good . 
as for the coffee... i didn't knew what to say . 
it was caffeinated . 
other than... i avoided getting the espresso drinks (cappuccinos, lattes, etc. ) 
the drink craftsmanship was nil . 
the matcha latte... it was just milk, dude . 
it was milk . 
it was not a matcha latte . 
it was milk . 
all of their mixed drinks was milk . 
the drinks, like everything else there, were overpriced for their quality . 
i recommended the cold press . 
this place was as expensive as starbucks coffee . 
the only difference was at espresso royal, you got a lower quality cup . 
with the starbucks right down the street it was not worth going here . 
the only day worth visiting was on wednesday because they had one dollar lattes . 
the seating was pretty cramped . 
i had no complaints about the staff . 
they was very friendly . 
i had had never had a problem with service here and loved the drinks . 
the food was mediocre cafe food, but that was how the all was ! 
i went here instead of the slightly closer to my office starbucked every time . 
i had no complaints about the management . 
lofts_ num_ terrible ! 
yes, that was right even worse that cpm . 
lived at lofts_ num_ for a year . 
we had a very positive experience with roland; more specifically with kurt . 
i lived in one of roland's smaller buildings in champaign . 
they was the best landlord i had had ever had . 
you can payed the rent online and submitted work orders online . 
the office guys were very nice and helpful . 
appointments were took (not necesary) because the wait was never too long . 
manicures were only$_ num_ and pedicured$_ num_ . 
english was spoke here also . 
i had to echo what elizabeth t. said about this place ! 
it was literally the only nail salon open on sunday afternoon in champaign ! 
this was nicely added touch as it made the hour or so flew by ! 
definitely worth checking out if you were in town ! 
both times i had had went the salon was packed . 
i got lots of compliments on how great my toes looked . 
they did a nice job and listened to what you wanted . 
i recommended bringing your own flip flops or whatever . 
i thought i may was getting my nails did on a regular basis now ! 
it was unlikely i 'll returned in the future . 
not a bad spot to get a quick and cheap manicure . 
it was not a fancy place but the staff was very nice and efficient . 
it was very inexpensive . 
i thought_ num_ for a basic manicure . 
they also had no chip and other services . 
close to campus and all nail techs had tons of experience . 
the prices were very reasonable . 
there was no organization and it was just ridiculous ! 
after using the tools they had had just returned tools to this dirty mug . 
they did not clean their own furniture and floor . 
disgusting . 
this was very strange for me . 
my nails were all shapes and sizes, none remotely straight . 
i was currently walking home to redo my nails . 
the prices were okay . 
thanks tao:) these+ ladies did an excellent job on my eyebrows every time ! 
they totally deserved it . 
they did a fantastic job on nails too ! 
i seriously loved this place . 
in't was to this bergners in a very long time . 
i liked this store but their female help in the upstairs needed improvement . 
tell marnetta to bring more of the cute girls from downstairs up there ! 
need that to round out the`` upscale ''shopping experience . 
* update* saw rachel's review several months after mine . 
wadya knew . 
she also experienced the fine service of local proleteriat women . 
it was a piece of junk . 
the only thing you can used this worthless coupon on was their junk . 
like those stupid little thoughtless gifts they offered this time of year . 
who needed that ? 
i found at least something to buy there most of the time . 
they`` saved ''so much money using them . 
and they came once a month . 
selection was ok and they had a good amount of petites . 
service was hit or missed . 
store review: otherwise the clothing selection was above average . 
they had a home good section as well on the more expensive side . 
pros: department store variety cons: smaller store, coupons were hard to use hid deals: signed up for the email club for special coupon savings slightly targeted older people . 
have some sophisticated brands like calvin klein or columbus . 
they was by appointment only . 
~~~ never did business here . 
~~~ allowed me to elaborate . 
needless to say, this business ranked among the most poorly ran in town . 
good news for them was their survival seemed secured by a lack of competition . 
all in all, i had no qualms about returning for equipment rentals . 
also, they tended to be slammed fri-sun, so was prepared to wait . 
this was absolutely obsurd customer service . 
this place was awful ! 
the employees were either dumb or just didn't gave a shit . 
they was unorganized and totally clueless . 
i never used a business so poorly ran . 
or maybe they was all this bad . 
no that was not a typo . 
on the flip side, all the trucks seemed to be well-maintained . 
that was the only flip side . 
review---u-haul on university, words can not express how much u-suck . 
it was okay, calmed down . 
there was only five people in front of you . 
gray was fine . 
i loved gray... just not dusty gray . 
not it was-sucking-the-life-out-of-you grayed . 
legends said that he was still waiting in line at the store today . 
maybe he was having trouble finding the key to my truck ? 
okay now i had med getting mad . 
where was he ? 
i walked back into the store to see him exactly where i left him . 
at the desk helping another customer . 
keys were already inside.  ''
i was a regular renter at the u-haul on university avenue . 
in fact, i usually rented anywhere from 2-5 times per year . 
in fact, things always were above and beyond great . 
this location was weird . 
their customer service was terrible . 
this was unacceptable . 
this place needed at least two more employees, and better customer service . 
have rented an open trailer here on occasion to move things within town . 
it was fine but such a hassle for a$_ num_ rental . 
it ended up costing me around_ num_ minutes . 
i can rented a$ 20,000 new car with much less hassle . 
with some direction and resources provided from management, the locationwould immensely improved . 
we arrived here at 12:00 pm just to return the car . 
and oh my god, it tasted soo good . 
the equation for the tastiness went something like this... y= t* x^ 2 where t was a function of how late it was, y was the yum factor, double 11-in . 
sub special was their best offer . 
also, i can got a dill pickle instead of chips . 
their sandwiches were pretty big too and they didn't skimped on the meat . 
it was a step up from jimmy john's and subway for sure . 
other locations did much better than this one, it was a shame really . 
drivers were friendly . 
it was better than subway, and more expensive too . 
the sandwich selection was great . 
the only downside was the wait time . 
when it was slow it can took_ num_ minutes plus to get a sandwich . 
it seemed they was severely understaffed . 
poor silver mine subs being right next to subway . 
also, there was free wifi here . 
all sandwich stores tasted the same with me . 
just had their delivery at my job and their steak sandwich was pretty good . 
that was not what i got . 
i had had had the comstock before and it was decent . 
the dodge city also wasn't bad either . 
my absolute fav shot was the*** t-bomb*** ! 
it was ciclon and red bull . 
i had had was looking for it in chicago, but no bars carried ciclon ! 
did not try to go here at_ num_ in the morning . 
two levels, so you can sat upstairs and watched the crowd from above . 
decent music and great wings (i thought they still had wing night) . 
long lines after_ num_ were . 
the second floor bar tended to be less crowded which equaled faster drinks . 
it can got really crowded so held onto your friends when wandering around . 
basically just a sports bar with enough room for people to dance as well . 
other than that though, it was pretty fun . 
's, and they had pretty good specials here . 
the decor was bar-ish . 
drink selection was decent . 
girls were pretty dressed up, guys notsomuch . 
i 'd never waited in line or payed cover to get inside though... brothers: it was your run of the mill college bar . 
cheap drinks good music crazy dancing one of your few redeeming qualities were that you had bass on tap . 
i still believed this, even though i seriously had no idea why . 
another` older 'crowd bar since it was no cover for 21+ . 
watch the stairs though ! 
i didn't knew how much it changed since i loathed this place . 
large airy bar that seemed to be a great place to catch a game . 
not as good as the iowa location, but worth checking out . 
friendly bartenders that recommended new and exciting brews/ drinks even when the place was crowded . 
it was hard not to love a place with that kind of attitude ! 
hate this bar . 
the only good time to go was when it was nearly empty . 
i didn't got why people went here just for the wings . 
i had had had good times at brothers . 
i had had had bad times at brothers . 
it got too crowded to play darts . 
past 11 pm the bathroom resembled a slip and slide . 
it seemed to be totally random . 
the bathroom was completely and absolutely unusable . 
never wasting my time at brother's again . 
my ears hurt more than anywhere else i had had was . 
disgusting . 
there was no air circulation whatsoever . 
the fans on the ceiling were useless . 
go elsewhere ! 
more like a sports bar and super crowded and not really relaxing . 
have no place to stand or sat . 
i liked the lofted floor plan here . 
beer selection was quite good . 
way better than brothers in iowa city, i can told you that much . 
also sometimes their music was just kind of weird . 
if you wanted somewhere to go and danced, this was definitely not it . 
i had a sweet spot for gameday . 
they had a good selection, but wow was this stuff expensive . 
they had fitting rooms, which was good . 
not much else to say ! 
and the quad shop was now a jamba juice . 
which i had med not ok with . 
it was even fairly inexpensive to book . 
get your nap on, kids . 
that place was buzzing with activity and young folks with laptops everywhere . 
the entrance hall was very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches . 
illinois 'union building was okay... landmark review: oh this place brought back so many memories, so many nooks and crannies . 
there was a lot of hid stuff here that was great . 
let me highlighted some great found_ num_ . 
bowling alley, arcade, billiards, xbox rentalled in the basement_ num_ . 
lots of restaurants downstairs to eat at and some snack/ coffee shops on the first floor_ num_ . 
there was the illini union ballroom which served ayce lunch_ num_ . 
a lot of professors stopped here for lunch_ num_ . 
free supplies twice per semester cold pack pregnancy test yeast infection kit wound pack every two weeks condom pack lubricant or spermicidal gel latex barriers_ num_ . 
illini book store for all your illini gear/ book needed_ num_ . 
tech zone-they can helped repaired your computer_ num_ . 
document services-if you needed help printing brochures, flyers etc_ num_ . 
great for naps, reading, or a place to rest in between test . 
need a quiet space ? 
need to have a meeting set up with your other student organization members ? 
go up to the second floor in the rso office . 
didn't had time to go back home and made lunch ? 
need to checkout some tech goodies that was vital to your studies/ work ? 
that was right ! 
definitely checked it out ! 
this place looked really classy inside . 
the illinois student senate office was located here as well as their meetings . 
daily illini-got better recently, but its a crap paper altogether . 
the stories were poorly wrote and usually cited facebook as reference . 
also, the dj's was inept . 
the buzz-only reason this was getting_ num_ stars . 
i had had experienced better student run publications . 
guess what happened ? 
any sensible human being would acted differently . 
please avoided this company at all costs . 
i had experience with much more helpful companies in the urbana-champaign area . 
if they towed you, you were pissed . 
this place was absolutely terrible . 
on top of that these people was condescending assholes . 
did not use these people, they was terrible . 
but they still served orange chicken . 
this was the best chinese in campus-town . 
i recommended the crispy tofu . 
the menu had so many varieties of foods . 
very inexpensive and i highly recommended it ! 
never again stayed away from this place ! 
think oily, but good oily ! 
come for good food, but didn't expected any service . 
i had had never experienced this type of service before-or lack there of . 
my favorite thing for dim sum was shrimp crepes and turnip cake . 
around$_ num_ to share_ num_ dishes . 
but now it was barely passable . 
prices weren't bad either, about the usual prices for dim sum . 
but that was just a testament to the ownership and the so-so food . 
if you wanted dim sum you can always went to saigon . 
i didn't lived in champaign anymore but i came back to eat here . 
their spicy pig intestined stew was probably the best dish i ever ate . 
every time i went, i took an order with me . 
i was glad i can still got it for_ num_ . 
it was always fun to come here with a big group. ) 
mandarin wok reminded me of the chinese restaurants back home . 
the tea, jasmine or chrysanthemum, was free . 
with giant round table w/ lazy susans, this place was perfect for groups . 
the atmosphere was as good as the service--somewhat non-existent . 
_ num_) sesame rolls-awesome ! 
far exceeding the likes of legitimate vietnamese establishments in the champaign-urbana area . 
and they even brought the bean sprouts, herbs, and jalapeno slices . 
but i was fine with that . 
be wary of when you ordered though . 
but the portions were fairly priced so that was a plus . 
their dim sum was delicious ! 
not only was it delicious, they dim sum 11am-3pm every day ! 
who did that ! 
it was amazing ! 
forget rainbow garden-came here for real chinese food . 
in my opinion, that was way too long for an hour lunch break . 
i did not think that i 'll ever was returning . 
food was good, only gave_ num_ stars because of wait time . 
then the shui mai came out---same thing, wow ? 
the dim sum here was delicious ! 
definitely recommended the dim sum . 
they served it every day from 11am-3pm ! 
how i not reviewed mandarin wok yet ? 
the fried tofu was so good here . 
the regular dinner menu was huge and the food was good . 
dishes came out with pretty decent portions . 
to me, that was always a win . 
so far the only on campus i knew that dim sum . 
owner lady was extremely nice . 
dim sum was available . 
the only concern was the unsanitary look . 
the food was all right . 
chinese cuisine aiedn't american fried shit . 
trying to make everything always ended up failing at everything . 
the food was good though . 
alright, i had med back to not liking the dim sum here... . 
i questioned the health code standards here... . 
this was a very good place for authentic southern chinese food on campus . 
even my parents (they was chinese) like this place . 
it was so good and absolutely authentic . 
i guessed this was predictable because of the inflation and increased in cost . 
this was also the only place serving dim sum in champaign as of today . 
the food was oily and lacked flavor . 
overall, i felt like i really wasted my money here . 
this place was a total rip off . 
they overcharged you everything and hoped you will never noticed . 
the lady did nt really acted nice to us cause we was nt chinese... the deep fried taro smelt like straight up clorox and i was scared . 
do nt thought ill came back here . 
this place was filthy . 
this was just a review of the facility . 
the christie facility was well-designed, in a good location, and well-staffed . 
mtd got you there easily, too . 
they made it (ahem) as painless as possible . 
you were not alone, after typing that last one i hated myself too . 
take care of biz w/ your doc and you were off . 
my primary was here too and no hassles there either . 
`` building wealth ''was a frickin pillar of their values . 
i hated them . 
i drank my coffee black . 
this was a horrible place . 
even after they already knew you were healthy . 
she was so bad that i got anxiety talking to her . 
she made mistakes, she showed her ego, and she did not care . 
i prayed you did not get her . 
please fixed . 
i was so did with christie clinic . 
they didn't knew how to bill correctly ! 
another issue i was for another annual exam . 
christie clinic used diagnosis codes for what they was trying to rule out . 
better yet, just found a different healthcare facility to go to ! 
they sucked . 
for the last year and a half, my experience went like this . 
get cancelled and rescheduled 3-5 times . 
doc changed my scripts, i called the pharmcy who never got them . 
avoid going here at any cost ! 
very rude and unhelpful staff when it came to complaints ! 
just saved yourself lots of follow-up problems with billing and went to another place ! 
they was friendly and professional and dred z . 
is very knowledgeable . 
i highly recommended he and his staff . 
they really got you in& out of there quick ! 
it was always extremely rowdy, probably too rowdy for me these days . 
yes, it was dirty . 
yes, it was smelly . 
college binge drinking at it was finest . 
not that that was necesarrily a good thing . 
not so great at night when the typical crowd got there . 
just for the location (across from thetas), you got 5stars . 
the vomit smell was even there at like 8 am on tuesday mornings ! 
they was right-kam's blows . 
it deserved zero stars . 
you knew how you can pinned pointed freshman when they came to the uiuc ? 
they was toting around bright orange illini union bookstore bags . 
same went to the people who waited in line at kam's . 
the majority was freshman . 
screw that . 
look ! 
or maybe that was just me, i can never was sure . 
kam's was definitely an under age paradise . 
who was you people giving these stupid reviews ? 
do they ever mopped ? 
just got some toilet paper in the ladies room stalls ! 
this place was a nightmare . 
there was nothing redeeming about this place . 
the music was really really shit, not even ironic shit but honestly shit . 
the only time i had med ever here was during a bar crawl . 
ever wondered why you can't got layered ? 
because you were a nerd was you a sensible, intelligent human being ? 
are you older than_ num_ ? 
does your clothing generally obscured your breasts/ underwear/ genitals from plain sight ? 
are you averse to fist-pumping ? 
does the pungent odor of beer-tinged vomit made you nauseous ? 
like everyone else said, wasted freshmen, disgusting bathrooms, bad smells . 
ladies... passed this one up . 
you can did better ! 
kams were always filled with student athletes with the throngs of girls surrounding them . 
someone needed to mop it every once in awhile . 
kam's was one of the best bars in the world . 
the basement was fantastic for parties and the staff was very knowledgeable . 
the free popcorn was of gourmet quality . 
(obviously i was a beer connoisseur. ) 
that was saying something . 
smells like a hamster cage in serious need of a bedding change . 
drinks were totally average, albeit cheap . 
the two stars were because the floors had many sticky diseases on it . 
didn't they cleaned the floors ? 
just walked by the place and was overwhelmed by the smell . 
i had had was in the place once and it was gross . 
this wasn't just an`` i hated frats ''thing or something either . 
note: this review only applied to august_ num_-may_ nummed_ . 
(this review also applied to the lesser-knew koms) this bar stinked ! 
this was the stinkiest, slimiest, stickiest bar i had had ever was to . 
worst bar i had had was to, period . 
the smell, what was it ? 
this bar was the scummiest fucking shithole at uofi . 
the answer to good for kids should was were you kidding . 
went there to party, fun, but the establishment itself sucked . 
do nt went here until someone bought it again its really a piece of shit what an absolute dump . 
everyone who went to kams was underage . 
more likely to see a high schooler in kams than a 21+ individual . 
one star was too much . 
in't was to kams since i went to college . 
kams were the empyrean of champaign life . 
five dollar cover ? 
are you joking ? 
leading psychologists said that smelt ring bells* . 
it was tasty and good and sweet to the tongue . 
it dulled all the bad senses and electrifies the good ones . 
it instilled confidence where there was none, and reinvigorated the soul . 
one suggestion was to start serving food . 
a blue boy sandwich, now that was something . 
* https:// www.psychologytoday.com/blog/brain-babble/201501/smells-ring-bells-how-smell-triggers-memories-and-emotions frat boy douchebag felt . 
there was a strong smell of vomit throughout the bar . 
writing this review was making me missed tis and college... . 
bookstore, but lately i was so far from a fan . 
is almost always the cheapest of the three stores . 
however, i can usually found all my books for much cheaper on amazon.com . 
but cheap when they sold meant cheap when they bought back... for each dollar you spent, you earned a point . 
after earning certain amount of points, you qualified for different prizes . 
if ever i needed something for a class, i had had always preferred tis . 
if you got any gunk on the pages they didn't bought it . 
they didn't bought it . 
class didn't used it anymore ? 
i recommended buying online from amazon prime or abebooks.com first . 
i wished i could gave_ num_ stars . 
the grocery had staples like plain old salt mixed in with mexican imports . 
the produce sections had avocados for all your guacamole-making needs . 
gracias a dios queed hay una restauranted semiautentico en champaign ! 
the tamales were smallish but yummy . 
go to el charro and ate real mexican food . 
this place was amazing ! 
you not tasted carnitas until you tried theirs . 
and even the tongue here was amazing . 
make sure you washed it down with a jarrito... preferably tamarind . 
trust these west coast people, they knew their stuff ! 
treat him right and he 'll took really good care of you . 
his ingredients were much fresher than what i can got... no fair . 
as much as i liked it, chipotle didn't counted . 
it was a pretty easy place to miss . 
he really deserved a medal for the effort . 
for being in illinois, nothing else outside of chicago can compared . 
the grocery store and food counter was unassuming and homeyed (homely? ) 
everything was super cheap for the quality and quantity . 
it was a non-corporate family venture, the same folks were always working . 
if it looked good, and smelt tasty, just ate ! 
alejandro was really friendly, and he was kinda super hot as well . 
this was the real deal . 
the price wasn't too bad at the grocery store at all . 
he was super nice and friendly . 
nom nom nom nom nom this was what happened to the tamales i bought from el charro . 
no frills, but that was not what you went here for . 
the owner was as friendly as they came . 
this little taqueria reminded me of the ones back in chicago . 
a hole in the wall but the food definitely made up for it . 
i recommended the lengua with their homemade hot sauce . 
i had had kept for a secret long enough . 
i always got the tacos with a jarrito . 
the point was, the food here was really good . 
everything seemed really fresh, and the guy working there was always really friendly . 
but didn't let the shadiness scared you away ! 
so if you liked maize, definitely gave el charro a chance ! 
for its size, el charro packed a punch . 
i had had formerly only ate in the restaurant here, which was always tasty . 
i hoped he read this& rectified the problem . 
steak milanesa sandwich was so good ! 
the menudo was like grandmas . 
the taco and burritos was really good too ! 
i had med a regular . 
i liked maize, too, but i preferred el charro . 
if you wanted a authentic food this was definitely the place to try . 
usually that may meant good traditional food . 
the carne asada was usually very tender the way it was prepared . 
the problem was that it was thinly sliced so it was quite over cooked . 
i had med shocked that they had_ num_ stars . 
i liked el charro a lot actually . 
maize was a little better but the salsa at el charro was bomb . 
the tortilla chips were better here too . 
i was a fan of their tacos and rice/ beans . 
they gave you a more generous portion . 
i didn't thought i 'll was heading back here . 
tortillas/ tacos were delicious ! 
salsa and chips was really good . 
$_ num_ taco wednesdayed_ num_ . 
sauces that came with the tacos . 
reminds me of king taco in los angeles . 
service can was slow . 
takes some time getting things such as water, straw, fork, etc . 
or maybe i had med just a needy customer . 
mexican music can got loud . 
it was a small grocery store& eatery . 
the tacos always hit the spot . 
pozole (pork& hominy soup) on the weekends was a special treat . 
i liked mine with plenty of lime& cilantro . 
horchatas were huge& there was refills . 
the storefront& the interior was small and not necessarily clean looking . 
but the food was fantastic& alejandro was super nice . 
there was a few tables/ chairs if you wanted to eat in . 
the tv was usually on quite loud . 
let me said, i strongly regretted this decision . 
spend the extra few dollars and went to maize . 
slowest service i had had ever had . 
avoid ! 
the cook and waiters was nice . 
the prices were good . 
every time i ate here i ordered carne asada tacos& chips and salsa . 
they was understaffed though . 
this place was great . 
also the food was cheap ! 
i highly recommended el charro, steak tacos were great . 
specifically on wednesday when they had their dollar tacos special . 
the beef, chicken and pastor tacos were each a dollar every wednesday . 
they was extremely flavorful . 
the beef tacos weren't bad either, but i preferred the pastor tacos . 
competitor of kam's, which was right next door . 
i loved uiuc . 
take a friend in case there was no door . 
for one, the name of this bar was`` c.o . 
daniel ''-which stood for cochrane on daniel . 
it was a cochrane bar-imagined that . 
it was affectionately knew as`` c.o . 
's ''or`` saw ho's '' . 
co's was slightly classier than kam's and had a slightly older crowd . 
they definitely got the job did . 
honestly, it was a typical college bar . 
i still remembered many faces but sadly, very few names . 
enjoy your time there... i 'd gave anything to have it back ! 
:-) lots of choices that was made to order . 
my favorite was the chicken cesar pita . 
delivery took a little while, so it was best to pick up . 
it was open late... i thought until 3ish . 
this was my favorite place to eat in champaign-urbana . 
i hoped they brought one to my home-town ! 
this place was over-rated . 
dorcas were one of the best korean restaurant in cu in my opinion . 
i loved their combos because i always got to try different dishes . 
my favorite was their grilled mackerel . 
they gave you tonnes of food as you can saw from the pictures . 
update: i retracted my last statement . 
you got very sizeable portions . 
i loved this place ! 
dorcas were a very standard korean restaurant... that koreans actually went to ! 
the interior was clearly not meant for show, and while you knew what ? 
it made the food stood out even better ! 
go to april's . 
for more details kept reading . 
nothing on their window, their door, or online to indicate this . 
very disappointing considering their job was flowers and the flowers they had was terrible . 
also the flowers were listed so you knew what you were getting . 
it was your classic walgreen . 
the people working there was very cool and they helped y a lot ! 
clean, well lit, it was a walgreens . 
great greek food including awesome gyros ! 
this place got busy as lunch because it was right by the quad ! 
go on tuesdays for discount prices . 
at least i had many more tuesdays ahead to take advantage ! 
the gyros here were decent and they had live music on certain days . 
expect to pay a cover for the music . 
i loved the gyros here . 
i loved their cucumber sauce even more:) cool place for lunch on campus... their fries were great ! 
gyros, fries, and drinks to go . 
this was where i spent_ num_ minutes every tuesday night . 
service was fast and it was not usually too crowded . 
it did had its location going for it, though . 
what to say about it... service was always great . 
the people that worked there always seemed happy and treated you well . 
prices were totally reasonable . 
never ate here before a test . 
i missed this place wished there was one in chicago . 
they also had killians on tap and a fairly large bottle selection . 
zorba's was probably my favorite green street eatery . 
i usually ate healthy, well-balanced meals . 
however, i occasionally indulged with something less health-friendly . 
when i indulged, i went to zorba's . 
a zorba's gyro was heaven for the tastebuds . 
but zorba's was here to help you with portion control ! 
i liked how they offered their gyros in_ num_ different sizes . 
oh, and tried the cucumber sauce . 
ah zorba's, made me felt young again . 
yum their gyros were some of the best . 
i liked that they had different sizes of gyros . 
pass on the spinach pie though, it was not very good . 
yum their cucumber sauce was awesome . 
they also had a wonderful honey dijon for the chicken gyros . 
good food and i loved all the dipping sauces . 
best gyro i had had had on campus . 
i missed you zorba's ! 
the food was relatively good . 
the fries were the best . 
it was an ok restaurant, checked it out ! 
i had had was happy with both kinds of gyros . 
now, i only wished there was a zorba was in my college town . 
fries were good as well, overall great experience . 
this was my favorite place to eat on green street . 
this place was fantastic . 
everything from their gyros to hummus to fries was all on point . 
i absolultely loved gyros so this was a no-brainer for me . 
i felt like this place was a staple of quick, delicious campus food . 
not to mention the gyros were bomb . 
go if you hadn't already ! 
everything it did, niro's gyros did both better and cheaper . 
so maybe i was not the target audience . 
but the thing was, i loved gyros ! 
the ones at zorba's were comparatively small . 
the problem was that the meat was not very good . 
it had kind of a gritty texture and an off flavor . 
it reminded me of the frozen gyro meat you can got at grocery stores . 
decor was old-fashioned as fitted a local institution . 
there was sort of a grease-haze that hung in the air . 
but here was to hoping ! 
i wished them a speedy recovery . 
i 'll was back for the holidays and hoped they red-ed opened by then . 
the whole family enjoyed the food . 
it was the only place my dad ate fries . 
the gyros on the other hand were ! 
we got the lamb ones . 
the food was consistent good and served quickly . 
and i loved the illini memorabilia . 
parking was an issue as they had no dedicated lot . 
otherwise, was very patient with finding parking-especially during lunch time . 
zorba's red-ed opened ! 
brand new interior (looked nice! ) 
the food wasn't bad; i had had just had better . 
welcome back zorbas ! 
not the best i had had ever had, but easily the best in town . 
i had med sorry we waited, the food in the shop was even better ! 
have only was there once but was a big fan of the gyros . 
i had med so happy they red-ed opened after the fire . 
i had had was a customer for_ num_ years i went with the gyros both times and not was disappointed . 
the food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable . 
pass up the chains and went to zorba's . 
take it from an illini-you didn't were disappointed . 
zorbas was amazing and an important part of my uiuc experience ! 
a great place for gryos, their cucumber sauce was the best ! 
i had a gyro or two every time i had med back in champaign . 
this place always was a favorite of mine . 
i had med so glad they came back after the fire, better than ever . 
i especially like that they offered a small size of their gyros sandwich . 
they had excellent fries as well . 
service was always fast and friendly . 
keep up the good work ! 
zorba's was still my favorite gyro place of all time . 
the food was delicious and they had some pretty unique sauces . 
the meat was always tender and flavorful, never dry or bland . 
check them out ! 
i always stopped by for a bite when i had med back in town . 
it was pretty good . 
i had med never unhappy at zorba's . 
check their daily specials before you went in some of them was great . 
the fact that you can ordered a small, medium . 
brilliantly seasoned too, the meat was definitely what set these gyros apart . 
the place had a nice, local college hotspot feel . 
this was simply one of my favorite spots in town . 
they said that consistency was the hallmark of excellence . 
i also preferred subbing in onion rings or fried mushrooms for fries . 
the gyros were authentic and the santiki (? ) 
sauce was second to none . 
greek salads were another highlight . 
gyros were soooo tasty, i kept coming back for more . 
price was okay and service was fast . 
seriously tried their gyros . 
their tzatziki sauce was still my favorite, and the chili was delicious . 
i almost wanted to binge drink so i can ate here the next day . 
the salad didn't had enough cheese ! 
the store was right on green street and impossible to miss walking by . 
inside was pretty cool, open style kitchen and lots of indoor seating . 
restaurant review: there was daily specials which was posted on the sign outside . 
other than that the combos were about 7-8 dollars a pop . 
this was where it fell short . 
the fries that came with the combo were a very small portion . 
additionally, they was quite stingy with the meat, i.e . 
they actually weighed and measured how much gyro meat you were getting . 
but who knew . 
pro: fast service, self service no need to tip hidden gem:_ num_ . 
you can used the belly card to earn points toward free items_ num_ . 
daily specials tuesday-_ num_ dollar of gyro and 1/2 price fries,_ num_ dollar off veggie sandwiches wednesday-1/4 lb beef hot dog, fries, and pepsi_ num_ dollars thursday-bbq pulled pork, fries, pepsied_ num_ dollars friday-fish sandwich, fries, pepsied_ num_ not a bad lunch spot . 
cool that they did jazz on some nights . 
zorba's had the best gyros, hands-down . 
so glad that they rebuilt ! 
coming back in july, zorba's ! 
location was great . 
this place was a u of i must-ate ! 
just stuck with a gyros sandwich (the fries were mediocre) . 
you like gyros ? 
you liked fresh fries ? 
you liked green street ? 
the meat was always juicey and the fries always salty . 
love the food at atmosphere . 
and they kept that line moving . 
they didn't had beer anymore which helped university productivity . 
this was some incredibly tasty and greasy food . 
the biggest pro-they had a tzatziki dispenser ! 
the price was great, you can ate here for just about$_ num_ . 
this was a good place to stop by for some quick and tasty food . 
it was near campus, which was convenient for students . 
this was incredibly dishonest and ungrateful . 
moreover, it was a sign of pure laziness by the owners . 
the food was always nothing short of excellent . 
it was a staple, and a local landmark . 
long live ! 
now... where was i going to put all this food ? 
this was a staple in campus town for good reason . 
check them out if you were in the mood for a gyro . 
i had to admit i liked garcia's pizza . 
it was all about the crust which had an amazing flavor ! 
i just got cheese pizza here the crust needed little to dress it up . 
i had had in fact drove_ num_ miles just to get this pizza . 
garcia's had the best pizza outside of chicago . 
this place was horrible . 
the service was very rude . 
well here we went . 
go fightin 'illini and thanked you te` shurted ! 
so i had med not the target audience here . 
but they was one of the few places left to get chief apparel . 
chief apparel of any sort was enough to make me a fan . 
the service i received from te shurt was great . 
that was life for ya . 
i had med not sure why i never came here as a student . 
the selection was smaller and the best thing was the donuts with creme fraiche . 
cafe luna was lovely at lunch time, with tapas at dinner . 
there was patio seating in nice weather, and an intimate dining room otherwise . 
it was nice to know that you can found fine dining in champaign . 
it was the best tapas place that i ever experienced . 
i really wanted to drive back down to have it some more... . 
it was a classy, delicious, fine-dining tapas establishment . 
the food was great... read on for more of that later... we considered ourselves patient, but this service was very weird . 
plan to spend$ 50-75 for two people . 
well... luna still fell seriously short for me . 
how did you not notice that ? 
how did you screwed up your special ? 
sorry luna, after two attempts now, i had med not coming back . 
with that said, i liked the lighting . 
the silky pillows that matched the walls did not work . 
cafe luna just needed more polish on their food and better trained waiters . 
i hated to say it, but luna was pretty overrated . 
as others noted, the goat cheese balls were fantastic . 
this was the old standby for romantic dinners with my husband . 
it was a wonderful experience going there and it didn't totally bankrupted you . 
their wines were always amazing . 
i had med one of these wine snobs who was also totally ignorant about wine . 
i can said this was absolutely the best experience we had in urbana . 
enjoy . 
however, their new location wasn't as great as the old one . 
it changed . 
i meant purple and bloody, too, not just slightly pink . 
i never saw poultry that undercooked in a restaurant before . 
now, at the new larger place, they seemed a bit stretched . 
i had med back ! 
long hiatus over, back to yelping. ) 
if nothing else, tried their goat-cheese balls . 
the same girl came over and was like, did you had a reservation ? 
but how can you messed up salad . 
so i guessed that was a bad selection . 
okay here was the deal, i personally thought the food was great ! 
however, the service was so-so . 
the waitresses were hit or missed--sometimes excellent and sometimes moody/ incompetent . 
the bathrooms were awesome . 
gray and sleek with lots of mirrors . 
one thing: why were the toilets set so close to the ground ? 
wow, first meetings were deceiving . 
we didn't offered entrees until dinner time.  ''
my bad on messing up foodie-language . 
excuse me . 
oh man, these was to die for . 
i wholeheartedly recommended) . 
what gave luna the four stars ? 
(and expected a review after then too. ) 
we loved luna ! 
they also poured generous glasses of wine . 
it was such a cute restaurant . 
like several other reviews here said, they was just not the same . 
this was the best restaurant in c-u . 
the atmosphere was very quaint . 
i was very excited to try their brunch menu sometime . 
it was perfect for a brunch but filling enough for later on too . 
tapas were an awesome concept, and luna did it well . 
they always had many small plates to choose from . 
food ranged from mediocre to very good . 
great place to take a date . 
it was practically the best thing on the menu and never disappoints . 
not nearly as good and had a smaller/ weirder selection of tapas . 
and brought at least$ 40/ person . 
maybe i had med not in the right crowd to enjoy the food . 
the omelets were delicious . 
it was not perfect . 
i had had had avocado issues . 
i had two experiences at luna cafe, one of which was good . 
there was no way these could counted as tapas . 
needless to say, very disappointing, not worth the hefty price tag . 
enjoy the ambiance of luna and there was solid food for the price . 
but this was not a great restaurant; it was a lazy restaurant . 
alas for you luna, you were deceived because this was not true anymore . 
there was a lot of good places to eat now . 
_ num_ hours for lunch was too long . 
the food at luna was quite good and they had a nice bar . 
nice ambiance but portions was kinda small . 
thank you so much for doing so . 
cafe luna was outstanding in several areas . 
the food preparation was perfect . 
dishes were high class . 
the ambiance and decor was luxurious, but prices were quite reasonable . 
service was competent, but not exceptional . 
food: it was rare for a kitchen to get all of the little things right . 
cafe luna's kitchen got every little detail right . 
see the restaurant web site for the full menus for each meal time . 
decor and ambiance: in any case, ceilings was high, as was the windows . 
tables and chairs were very comfortable, the latter being upholstered . 
service was ok, but not exceptional . 
there appeared to be a nice outdoor seating area . 
service: service was competent but not exceptional . 
price: price for value received was outstanding . 
even in absolute terms, the prices were on the low side . 
other: there was large public parking lots a block or two away from the restaurant . 
i highly recommended cafe luna . 
how was that possible ? 
food this good merits_ num_ stars . 
i saw no reason why the rest of the menu didn't impressed . 
ok-this review was a long time coming . 
i visited luna four times now and each time was worse than before . 
i went for lunch multiple times and it always averaged two hours b.c . 
the service was soooo slow . 
the chef was searching for the pasta.  ''
no thanked you . 
this place was so overrated it was not even funny . 
it was so cold, loud and crowded . 
disgusting ! 
i had a few qualms with luna . 
i wanted to love this place but service was a huge deal for me . 
the reviews were all over the place and many of them criticized the service . 
the tapas themselves were where the place got knocked down to_ num_ stars . 
third course: new york strip steak and lamp chops i swore on my life this was the worst steak i had had ever had . 
what can i said ? 
i understood it was a set menu day and their tapas were better . 
however, what self-respecting chef/ cook served food this low-quality to anyone on anyday ? 
i enjoyed good food, but i had med definitely no snob . 
here was the review i posted on june 13th,_ num_: dear caf luna, you ruined my graduation dinner on may 14thed,_ num_ . 
thank you so much for doing so . 
the beignets and eggs benedict was killerrrr . 
ok, i was a food snob from los angeles . 
this was tame in comparison . 
this was probably my favorite place to eat in c-u . 
i came from boston, the land of_ num_ indian restaurants . 
however, bombay definitely hit the spot . 
my husband was a bit more adventurous and he never was disappointed . 
it was quite a small place with_ num_ or less small tables . 
it was usually the naan that filled me up, not the curry . 
i absolutely thought that bombay grill had the best chicken mahkani . 
no restaurants in chicago (even on devon) can compared ! 
i loved their garlic naan too . 
this was one of my favorite places in cu . 
chicken tikka and lamb curry was my favorites . 
with a mango lassi expected to pay around_ num_ bucks after tax and tip . 
food was always fast and fresh here . 
but i had med not complaining ! 
this place made no qualms about itself . 
it was a solid punjabi joint, creamy curries, paneer and all . 
the staff stared like they never saw a woman before . 
disgusting . 
for all intents and purposes, this restaurant was basmati's all over again . 
the main courses cost about$_ num_ more than on green street . 
yes, please ! 
why was the lunch so affordable ? 
this was indian food for poor college students . 
bombay was one of my favorite restaurants in champaign for almost_ num_ years . 
it was dark and cozy inside and smelt of masala and fresh yogurt . 
great selection of vegetarian entrees, too, for those that was into that ! 
when i had med there, i went to this place all the time . 
in case that wasn't enough, they frequently gave me free stuff . 
i didn't totally understood why . 
i had med not really a regular, and i had med not a supermodel . 
maybe everybody got free stuff . 
i had med not one to look a gift daal in the mouth . 
this place had a great variety of food ! 
go here for lunch ! 
the portion was bigger and it was cheaper . 
the naan here was absolutely to die for . 
the naan was fresh and amazing . 
the naan was really great too . 
i also enjoyed the aloo tikki appetizer, as well as the samosas . 
the naan was very good . 
try the vegetable vindaloo-i put it on the menu ! 
i missed it . 
particular favorite was the saag paneer and spicy chana aloo . 
delicious curry, their_ num_ was also amazing . 
they had several kinds of_ num_, tried the garlic or cheese stuffed ! 
the food was really good, terrific . 
i knew indian food . 
well, you can used your imagination . 
pretty ridiculous if you asked me . 
i had had ate at a lot of indian places and i loved indian food . 
food was not so tasty to admire . 
it did nt had the true authentic indian food taste . 
they was smart enough to rob people . 
sub-par indian food, which passed in town . 
how was that there was no good indian food in champaign-urbana ? 
there was so many amazing korean and chinese places . 
the food here was generic and bland . 
i knew this because i was one of them . 
this restaurant was a great deal for dinner ! 
only two negatives, no liquor license and the atmosphere were a bit lacking . 
prices were very reasonable . 
the food was good by champaign standards and ok by larger market standards . 
this was the best indian food you 'll found in urbana-champaign . 
many indian restaurants either were afraid of using spices or carelessly overdid it . 
bombay grill nails that aspected, so it got five stars from me . 
their butter chicken and tandoori roast chicken was worth trying . 
saag paneer was phenomenal for those interested in vegetarian options . 
lunchtime special can not be beat ! 
we loved bombayed on green st ! 
lunch menu was cheaper . 
that being said its great . 
i just wished it didn't spilt out . 
so driver, easy on them turned ! 
i loved this place ! 
the waiters were always attentive and friendly-if not too friendly . 
learn from my mistake ! 
i wished i took a picture of the menu, maybe next time . 
you also got a potato pakora . 
$_ num_ for grilled chicken and a few grilled onions was not a bargain . 
the food was pretty good . 
around 9:30 pm, i got a call from the delivery person . 
he said,`` did you had your credit card?  ''
i responded,`` no.  ''
mind you, i was in the law building . 
my stuff was on the other side of the law building . 
the naan was big and fresh . 
the service was sub par . 
the vindaloo tasted okay . 
the lassi was waaayyy too thick . 
they did had mango kulfi, which ambar did not . 
this place was fantastic for lunch . 
service was quick and the staff was friendly . 
still, the food was reliable and delicious-checked it out ! 
who worked the counter . 
_ num_) their samosas were amazing . 
always got them ! 
bombay folks, please fixed this ! 
really needed to reduce prices rather than raising them . 
the food was just average indian food, nothing special . 
even when you ate in . 
the food wasn't cheap enough for that . 
indian food was my kryptonite as of late . 
like the other reviews, it seemed that overall bombay was a little overpriced . 
i loved the food in here ! 
i did nt finished the lamb biryani, perfect flavoring the malay masala was good too ! 
doesn't seemed like they put any effort into their food or service . 
bombay grill was hands-down my favorite on-campus restaurant . 
the curry was always creamy and flavorful . 
i hoped not to offend the manager but rather to have my vexation understood . 
but that was not my only source of frustration . 
it was just not knowing what you were getting and making prices willy nilly . 
the food was truly delicious though . 
food was delicious . 
i had med not entirely sure i knew they stayed in business . 
the ambiance was definitely lacking enough that i took down a star . 
i meant, i had med pretty sure it was everyone's favorite . 
on their best days, they was amazing ! 
= x i had had ordered takeout before during lunch hours and was always charged lunch price . 
call them potato pakora . 
that was it, no more trying indian restaurants in champaign . 
they carried a full line of humidores and smoking accessories . 
it was a little cramped, but that was of little consequence . 
i just wished they 'd carried some smaller humidors . 
in't was steered wrong by the staff yet . 
excellent discussions ensue over many a bowl of excellent tobacco . 
friends frequently brought items to share with others as well . 
these fellows went above and beyond . 
he always brought his best pipes and they sold them at excellent prices . 
[sorry folks, we was plagued with anti-smoking laws here as well] antiques can were found in the estate drawers . 
not all of them was low-priced ! 
be sure to say hi to pat . 
he was fantastic . 
[i had a tobacconist ! 
stuff like that made me like this place even more ! 
feel confident in the suggestions made . 
i thought the owner said that they had~ 60k cigars in stock . 
additionally, this was by far the least expensive shop i was to . 
they had had got a great selection of cigars and pipes . 
many other shops seemed to carry pipes as an afterthought . 
that was not the case at jon's . 
they had a huge selection of pipes, and most was priced fairly . 
plenty of accessories to round out your shopping experience . 
this shop was everything that a pipe collector could wanted . 
the shop keepers however, were smug and condescending . 
other than that... great place to smoke . 
the food was great for lunch . 
drink specials at night was super cheap . 
i thought they had$_ num_ pitchers every night . 
you were a real asshole.  ''
but sweet jesus, was they good . 
now my cousin worked there and hooked me up when i had med in town . 
even so, i still only politely asked for two and fries . 
i didn't wanted anyone to think he was still an asshole . 
:) these was seriously the best ever . 
the breading, the sheer size, the honey mustard dipping sauce-mouth-watering ! 
these was the best chicken strips i ever had . 
they was huge ! 
great pizza on mondays deal ! 
this was good`` italian ''pizza . 
(as italian as they said they was. ) 
seriously, how can you won the hearts of your customers with stinginess . 
first, the service was slow . 
second, the food was not that good . 
gyros were below the average and chicken were too greasy ! 
i didn't wanned na talked about fries... so, this place was so overrated ! 
however, the servbice was still sooo slow . 
the chicken fingers were exactly as good as advertised . 
they was the only reason i still ordered from this place . 
other than that, it was fairly crappy . 
i had had had them lost my order before . 
i sort of hated the place . 
they was good enough for me to sometimes ignored how bad everything else was . 
i had had only ever got their chicken fingers combo . 
the fries were kind of meh . 
really, it was all about the chicken . 
i had to knock them a couple stars because they served everything in styrofoam . 
and because the restaurant didn't had a/ c . 
geovanti's had one of the best chicken strip . 
the chicken strips were ginormous ! 
also got the honey mustard sauce and you were game ! 
however the fries weren't that great and lacked flavor . 
overall, the service was mediocre . 
it was good when the workers were in a good mood . 
it was bad when the workers were pissed off at some stupid drunk . 
it was true, other than the chicken stripped this place sucked . 
here was some tips for ordering:-ordering at night ? 
do delivery rather than took out . 
delivery was actually relatively good on campus . 
-asked for extra crispy . 
i didn't thought i will ever returned . 
best damn chicken fingers i had had ever had . 
that was all . 
but that was all . 
so i came . 
they was that big . 
you were almost there geos ! 
i wondered how many people came in late night stoned with the munchies... . 
but who can turned down amazing chicken strips ? 
i can told you that i will never ordered from geovanti's again . 
under those conditions, i said went for it . 
otherwise, stayed away . 
it was cheap, the food was delicious and you got extremely large portions . 
the top_ num_ things was:_ num_ . 
bet you can't finished a 5-piece ! 
gyro-i loved their gyro's ! 
again, these things were massive so were prepared for leftovers ! 
i missed you geovanti's ! 
and that was about all i had to say about that . 
i had had never had the pleasure of a problem-free order from geovanti's . 
everything else i had had had here was kind of low quality though . 
the pasta sauce had no flavor and the gyros were garbage . 
i really did like their chicken strips . 
not so tasty the next day unless you put in oven . 
the actual place was pretty dive . 
dining in was pretty meh, it was usually hot and sticky . 
i loved the chicken strips from here . 
they had the best ranch dressing that i ever had ! 
very happy that these two pieces of gold can were found in lincoln park ! 
those chicken tenders were a force to be reckon with . 
however, the food was always a gamble . 
fights with drunk/ stupid customers never got old . 
illini inn was the last dive bar remaining in campus . 
go forth . 
chug a beer . 
join the mug club . 
we had had pretty much gave up . 
it was not a two star because i remembered the glory days . 
maybe, seriously, the funniest thing i ever saw . 
thank you for a memory that never failed to make me smiled . 
this was no joe's, legends, or brothers . 
most of the bartenders was polite, patient, and fun . 
it was a champaign institution . 
too bad it may went downhill since . 
the mug club was fun and made this dove worth the visit . 
this was a true neighborhood bar . 
going back for at least one beer this weekend before the football game . 
you said dove, i said hell yeah ! 
but the inn was entirely untainted . 
the inn felt like a home . 
in the end, that was really all you could asked for . 
we didn't went out, we went inned . 
hopefully they didn't let anyone else downstairs anymore . 
nothing good can came from that . 
how did this place stayed in business ? 
apparently our two kinds of geek did not mesh . 
g-mart had a better selection and the employees were helpful and funny . 
i totally understood this . 
overall, went to other realm if convenience was your biggest factor . 
if you had a car, went to g-mart . 
i had to say i found the shopping experience to be generally unpleasant . 
i looked at him like huh ? 
i explained i was kneeling and wasn't even reading just looking . 
in't was treated that bad in a store since i was_ num_ . 
i meant really when was the last time you dusted dude ? 
for fast food sandwiches, i voted subway . 
the only benefit of jimmy john's was that they delivered . 
wow... no effort to satisfy a customer at all . 
turkey sandwich was great here and they made it super quickly . 
its much better than subway although that was not saying much nowadays . 
the delivery was fast and consistently good . 
online ordering was great . 
i usually stopped in on my way to work at least once . 
i also lived about a mile away . 
that ed some hardcore s** t right there . 
keep it up jj's ! 
food was very good and accurate . 
normally less than_ num_ in phoenix, which was about 30x as large . 
when you ordered they just told you`` as fast as we can '' . 
every jj in any other city told you x minutes . 
but paying$ 9ish before tip was a little steep . 
they stood a much better chance of being adopted . 
i can not believe how awesome this place was . 
the place was really clean and the staff was very very very helpful ! 
i wished all other shelters were like this: x adopted a_ num_ year old cat . 
i had a pet adoption application pending . 
hopeful i got to come home with a new walkin buddy ! 
she was a_ num_ year old border collie lab mix named lily . 
i had med positive she was abused by her previous family . 
the dogs there was all sad . 
the staff was very compassionate and helpful ! 
they did great work here . 
donate or adopted ! 
good lo mein, and more recently they had had added thai entrees . 
most dishes were vegetarian . 
we can no longer called this place hog... since they added the thai . 
delivery was nice . 
lacking a few of the standard components . 
word of mouth was the only way to go here . 
zomg this place was a uiuc mainstay . 
it was fairly cheap and you got lots of asian food . 
can we said gross ? 
it was not as if i had high expectations... . 
location was pretty bad for visibility, even if it was convenient to campus . 
i thought that was pretty sop here in cu, though . 
portion sizes were okay . 
for the uninitiated, there was basically three menus here . 
the best menu was their authentic chinese menu . 
this was on the wall to the right as you entered . 
the third menu was the menu of thai items . 
the place was small, but manned the food was amazing ! 
every time (no joke) they messed up my order . 
save yourself the trouble and went somewhere else . 
this was my favorite chinese place down here . 
and that was a good thing for hog . 
the strangest rubbery texture i yet saw . 
vegetarians bewared . 
but it depended on whether if you were a panda express guy . 
the place was small and average cleanness . 
this was the worst chinese food i ever had in my entire life . 
read the bad reviews . 
fish fillet floating in grease with absolutely no taste . 
avoid at all cost . 
why went here when there was much better restaurants around . 
on another note, apparently they had hotpots there now ? 
never went here . 
they had the worst food in entire urbana-champaign area . 
this place was under new management and was much improved . 
to reiterate what was said a couple times already, new ownership/ management . 
the lunch and dinner serving styles were different . 
both was extremely good deals . 
lunch was served like a school cafeteria with 6-9 entrees offered that alternate daily . 
dinner was fantastic . 
variety on the menu was incredible; over_ num_ different dishes offered . 
my favorite dishes: the stir fried green beans were unbelievable . 
they chilied oil fish was fantastic if you liked spicy food and fish . 
ma po tofu had a truly authentic mala spicy taste . 
the employees were very willing to tweak any dish to any preferred taste . 
downsides: small venue so it got extremely crowded noon-1 and 6-7 . 
i looked forward to coming back again and ordering off of the dinner menu . 
the lunch line moved quickly . 
i loved this place . 
the name was so quirky too, which was what originally drew me in . 
it was not all made of the batter and sauce like most places . 
you actually tasted the chicken here . 
it was sooo cheap, and you got a mountain of food . 
i can never finished all of mine ! 
the ladies serving were so friendly as well . 
if you liked peppers, that was the dish for you . 
as other reviews said, the portions were large and inexpensive . 
eat here . 
eat everything here . 
or didn't ate here . 
come back the next day and did it again . 
do it the next day . 
go home and thought about your life . 
go to the gym . 
do everything to not think about the food . 
wait sleeplessly for dawn . 
wait the eternity for the gift from above to get to you . 
leave and never was the same again . 
didn't was put off by its humble size and decor . 
its portions were more than generous . 
to top it off the service was always friendly, and super generous . 
we was currently making`` i heart hog ''shirts . 
this place was serious . 
this restaurant was amazing ! 
i had had never got more value as a college student in my life . 
a lunch special honestly equaled about two meals . 
oh my goodness, how i loved home of gourmet . 
hope they had more space . 
service was so-so but understandable since they was so busy . 
it was only_ num_ cents to add on another entree . 
listen, they didn't messed around with the portions . 
they gave you a lot of food, for so little ! 
and it was damn good food too . 
this was my strongest preference ! 
everything i had had got here i had had liked . 
the dishes were all put together well . 
i had had was here again since my first review . 
man, this place was so packed during lunch hours . 
i did like the free water bottles that came with your orders though . 
everything was pretty much pre made and very quick to get . 
the staff was very friendly . 
i usually got the orange chicken with rice and bok choy . 
food was delicious and portions were extremely generous for the price . 
the place may looked a little janky but defintely worth stopping by . 
they also had a wide variety to choose from . 
never tried their entrees but the platters that you picked from were always delicious . 
they had good portions and a great menu of your basic thai dishes . 
they had different chefs so it tasted a little different each time . 
i loved the pad se ewe and pad thai . 
this place was very affordable and was a favorite among uiuc students . 
however, the food was practically tasteless . 
this, i had to say was a major disappointed . 
avoid at all cost . 
a quick look at the menu: it looked pretty standard . 
and walked in . 
the spring rolls were okay, i supposed, though really not that great . 
first, why did they used ground chicken ? 
that was just wrong . 
ground chicken was wrong . 
the latter (basil thai) was by far the worst . 
in summary, two words: stayed away . 
the red and green curry was also awesome . 
no, potatoes did not count . 
they was not green . 
curry was hard to mess up because it had such strong flavor . 
their service was quick and relatively inexpensive . 
however, there was better sat-down thai restaurants in town . 
i usually ordered both because i needed my fix when i had med home . 
i missed basil thai: (doug, doug and more doug ! 
really nice massage practice covering champaign/ urbana/ savoy . 
the arc location offered student discounts, too ! 
kim moore was fantastic, as was the other staff i had had worked with . 
strongly recommended . 
i had med did with enterprise for good . 
this place was awesome . 
but how was that possible if i rented from them so many times already ? 
they was nice . 
never renting with them again... i did not recommend it ! 
by far the worst service i ever had in my life . 
words can not explain how greatly i regretted giving ppmed my money . 
did not rent from ppm . 
oh god, where did i started ? 
ppm was one of the leaders in this area . 
stay away ! 
staff was rude, inconsiderate . 
staff was not friendly . 
this company's name was a joke . 
i lived in la, chicago, nyc for many years . 
but that was not the worst part . 
why not appeal to god directly ? 
say they was doing it for jesus ? 
so, the work was quality and they did not gouge you . 
rick's always was good to me, extremely fair and competent . 
they was uber-honest, and way more affordable and quicker than a dealer . 
they had had handled everything from my toyota mini-van to my porsche . 
my car was a range rover . 
although the price was a little bit high, they was the best . 
they knew my car and can solved the problem exactly . 
rick himself was a very down to earth guy, and very skilled . 
they seemed fair, honest, and able . 
i was going by millage since i started driving . 
i never drove 3,000 miles in_ num_ months . 
when they can clearly saw that my car was 15,000 miles from that benchmark . 
their approach to customer service was bizarre . 
i ca nt said that ed ever happened to me before so i was very pleased . 
there was a_ num_ dollar coupon on their website too . 
i went here for an oil change . 
they was super fast and friendly ! 
i knew they can wore early, but that was really early . 
that explained my poor performance ! 
pretty efficient and recommended their early bird specials 2/21/2015 i stopped by to get my oil changed on my way home . 
having asthma his`` sorry ''wasn't good enough . 
i came here every time i needed a oil change . 
i never had any problems with them . 
the staff was very friendly . 
they got the job did fast and well . 
there wasn't much more i could asked for . 
they went over all the recommendations so its easy to understand . 
highly recommended . 
i always went here for an oil change . 
i never had this problem . 
now you were looking at luke warm veggies with semi-warm meat . 
it just took too dang long to get the entire meal on your plate . 
wow, got way to start& ended a meal . 
either way, the food was eh for 20+ dollars . 
for a one time experience, i said it was worth it . 
didn't wasted your time . 
the price may was decent, but the food lacked the same feeling . 
it was worth trying . 
champaign had a few places that purported to sell japanese food . 
ko-fusion and a few chiefly korean restaurants came to mind . 
first of all this was not one of my favorite types of foods . 
the portions were really small which really didn't bothered me . 
i thought this place deserved a_ num_ star . 
i really had a mixed feeling about this place . 
i loved this place . 
it looked nice and very clean on the inside . 
we was dining here since_ num_ . 
quality was way above average and they honored their reservations . 
oustanding service . 
miso or clear soup (tip: added pepper if you liked) house dressing-to die for... mmmmmed the best dressing sauteed mushrooms ! 
treat yourself ! 
take a date ! 
have a brew ! 
as far as i remembered, this place was pretty good . 
love their sushi and tapan . 
this place was always packed for reasons i can't quite grasped . 
the parking lot looked crowded every time i drove by . 
i only had one thing to say about the service here . 
this was the kind of place that gave sushi a bad reputation . 
menu presented typical appetizers individual cuts rolled bento boxes and dinners, again typical . 
service, mediocre, collage or high school fumbling job . 
i ate here a few times, depited the poor reviews . 
place was relatively nice . 
i recommended the rainbow roll, fantastic . 
we still stopped in most every time i visited, usually for the teppan . 
still, they did well . 
the food tasted the way a public bathroom smelt . 
i thought they raided dumpsters for their ingredients . 
i frequented miko's, but a meal at kamakura converted me . 
the sushi was fresh tasting and just delicious . 
for the champaign area this was as good as it got . 
i went for the sushi and i never was disappointed . 
the fish was the highest quality you can got in the area . 
sushi was all about the rice and kamakura had the best in town . 
the food was great and seasoned appropriately . 
the service was also great . 
overall this was the best japanese restaurant in town . 
it was cheap for what you got . 
the service was friendly and warming . 
i had had tried kofusion, sushi kame, and yellowfin . 
the teppan was great as well . 
each chef had a unique personality and cooking style . 
it made going more often enjoyable and different everytime . 
this was the only japanese restaurant owned by a japanese family . 
i can not image turning away business in a poor economy . 
the sushi at kamakura was good . 
in't was and didn't was back . 
you leaved feeling so full ! 
the problem with this place was the service . 
going there with girl . 
minutes went by . 
after almost an hour, talking to the waiter . 
more time passed by . 
finally my lunch box came in . 
in market place mall was many many degrees of magnitude better . 
how about the sushi we asked ? 
to go . 
you really were better off buying sushi at schnuks . 
there was much better places in the nearby area . 
i thought this place was one of the better sushi places in champaign-urbana . 
not every place had this good of unagi ! 
quality was what kamakura presented . 
the sign wasn't flashy, but this place was definitely worth noticing. ) 
there was only_ num_ teppanyaki grills and at least_ num_ chefs . 
this was not benihana . 
i repeated, this was not benihana . 
this was a nicer place . 
their major foible was the fact that their food never truly got you stuffed . 
this place did neither . 
the price wasn't worth it for the quality or quantity . 
what else can i said ? 
i had med going back soon . 
not enough waiters, the chef had to come out to serve by himself . 
staff was so friendly . 
we always sat at the sushi bar . 
i loved the salad with house dressing ! 
i had had never had a bad meal there ! 
the service was very slow . 
the ramen were so bad . 
hard to eat . 
i will never ordered it again this place was a joke ! 
never coming here again ! 
one to take our order and two to give us our food ! 
first to be seated last to be served ! 
this place sucked ! 
take your chances on a saturday night ! 
i thought she might was busy and was gave too many tables . 
-reservations were suggested . 
i* love* this store . 
-prices were decent, but not always affordable . 
cons:-they had no return policy . 
that was pretty crappy, especially for a store that offered some pricy items . 
this was my biggest problem with the store by far . 
-they ran out of a lot of stuff close to halloween . 
so didn't went looking for something two specific or you may were disappointed . 
dude, this place was awesome . 
there was also some rentals if you needed something last minute . 
no matter what, the staff was super helpful . 
there was also, of course, a whole magic section . 
my_ num_ year old loves to check out all the costumes . 
the staff was super nice and didn't minded her trying things on . 
we usually didn't bought much . 
i got a couple birthday gifts there . 
good source for little kids 'party favorred . 
and needless to say, i didn't had that problem anymore . 
i highly recommended this eye care place . 
their frames selection was very limited in terms of economic pricing . 
so i went back to get it adjusted . 
doctor (i thought johnson) was very knowledgeable and explained everything quite well . 
dr. sanders were excellent . 
dr. sanders and her whole staff was prompt& went above and beyond . 
definitely recommended . 
she was very knowledgeable and willing to help me out . 
this place was deceiving . 
i wished i never knew about the place . 
:)), and it was appreciated ! 
this was like the original seaboat x_ num_ . 
it was well ventilated, there was seating, and there was a tv . 
the food was still awesome . 
i had med just jealous that this came around long after i left the area . 
seaboat was the best fried southern food around . 
the wait was long, but the food was definitely worth it ! 
i was there twice and both times i not was that impressed . 
the fish wasn't anything special either . 
maybe it was because i was not a regular . 
i didn't thought i gave this place a third chance . 
a few favorite things were great here . 
the best strategy was to call ahead . 
i always called ahead . 
what we had had ordered over two visits: sides: fries (a bit undercooked, but decent) . 
i wished they would noted this on the menu . 
fyi: the fish was served on wheat buns . 
i wished they had better bread . 
the prices were excellent and the variety on the menu was outstanding . 
she was the expert and her word was gospel . 
that was my personal preference . 
i wanted to come back and tried the fried chicken ! 
just loved their fried fish, either in a dinner or a sandwich . 
fries were good . 
my favorite side was their slaw . 
there was pineapple in it and it just hit the spot . 
always had a piece of sweet potato pie for dessert . 
price was reasonable . 
seating for dining in and the place was very clean . 
definitely recommended . 
it was very clean inside and the service was friendly . 
prices weren't super-cheap but the quality was very good . 
i liked their seaboat fish sandwich, and their fries were thick and delicious . 
additional sides were quite pricey for the small quantity you got . 
better to stick with the combos and skipped the a la carte items . 
if you did, you can ate here for under ten bucks . 
free refills on drinks if you were dining in . 
i recommended seaboat ! 
hmm, but that was not it . 
i agreed-better than heat lamps and microwaves any day . 
this was a qualified_ num_ stars . 
the service here can was quite bad . 
their sides were also generally pretty good, with a ton of variety . 
finally, finished it off with some sweet potato pie which was excellent . 
there was not much i can actually said about it . 
if you had room, got some sweet potato pie . 
it was great . 
i never tried it, but one can ordered online as well . 
if staying in one of the hotels near assembly hall or the stadium . 
the fried fish, though, was fantastic . 
the seaboat sandwhich was great . 
the wait was pretty long, so just was sure to call ahead . 
online menu was vague . 
mac and cheese was awesome but small portions . 
biggest complaint was drove thru window... beyond slow, gave yourself_ num_ minutes wow . 
i was just not that soulful . 
the seaboat sandwich was the best fish sandwich i had had ever had . 
i loved the okra and the collard greened . 
however their customer service was the worst . 
i had had ate just about all of the fish and chicken entrees, delicious ! 
that was the price you payed for deliciousness . 
go to windy city expressed if you wanted good food and timely service ! 
the catfish was fire ! 
it was well did and worth the wait . 
i also liked seaboat because there was many non-pork options . 
orders took a little while so it was best to call ahead . 
i loved this place ! 
a little pricey but the quality of food was really good . 
the food was great . 
the wait was insane . 
are they catching the fish ? 
well didn't i felt special . 
the food here was great . 
this was the kind of restaurant i could ate at everyday . 
it looked like you can called ahead too . 
mistakes happened, as a restaurant your goal was to make the customer happy . 
not very fast but the food was fresh and tasty . 
i loved their coleslaw . 
the food was very good, but your wait may was longer than stated . 
the seaboat was now permanently closed . 
the champaign olive garden declined significantly within the last year . 
well, it was not like that anymore . 
i didn't thought i was going back there ever again . 
in truth, the food quality was comparable to a fast food restaurant . 
i knew it was just olive garden . 
i knew it was an evil chain restaurant and a glorified mcdonalds . 
i guessed the thing was that it didn't used to be this way . 
i thought i had had heard that they was under new management . 
but now it was not . 
the seams were showing . 
quality of service and presentation went way down . 
corners were being cut and it showed . 
and the chairs had wheels ! 
heck, asked for it after the check arrived . 
it was like a glass of water-it should always was full . 
fyi, the sangria was f-ing expensive . 
the house salad was awful and so was all the soups . 
the only reason why i went there . 
this location did got ridiculously packed all the time for some reason . 
our servers always were attentive and friendly . 
if you didn't... well then you were in for a surprise . 
nothing much to write about the rest of the experience . 
this olive garden really emphasized excellent service in everything they did . 
the service and foods didn't worthed the price . 
this olive garden leaved me very confused . 
love the extra cheese on top of anything you wanted . 
but the staff was really nice . 
waiter always making excuses, food not as good as in past ! 
i was to this olive garden so many times over the years . 
and this was the first time i was disapointed . 
i loved olive garden, but this one seemed to have poor service . 
the only reason why i kept coming here was for the salad and breadsticks . 
somehow my two bowls of soup came out lukewarm which was quite disappointing . 
pro: unlimited soup/ breadsticks or saladded if you wanted hidden gem: checked sunday paper for coupons . 
it was a chain restaurant and yes, it was pretty average . 
we always hoped manager susan was working ! 
food was worth every penny and service was awesome ! 
ask for the peach tea . 
$_ num_ for a meal there and then another meal to take home . 
the_ num_ stars was due to the area . 
i had zero complaints about our food, just the service was awful . 
i really appreciated that the manager went above and beyond for the customer . 
they was so inned our face saying`` made sure you payed '' . 
good food but lacked a family friendly environment . 
apparently olive garden was a hot commodity in champaign... . 
2/5 let me began by saying that our waiter was very friendly ! 
although he was really pushing the added an item into the bill . 
it was american style food, service was nice welcoming . 
foods were cheesy and tasty . 
my five stars went to her ! 
thank you shay for your amazing customer service ! 
:) the review was only in regard to the service from the waitress shay . 
i had med appalled . 
my girlfriend and i always had great service and food here . 
i was not sure why this restaurant got so busy . 
salad dressing very sour . 
games on the tablet that came with every table, cost money . 
bathrooms at this restroom needed attention ! 
however, when the two things were combined, the activity turned out positive . 
the owner was so cool and can answered all your brewing questions . 
i had had was going here since i was literally a wee one . 
the owner was awesome (and even remembered me on my last visit) . 
it was a great little shop . 
me: but the door said_ num_... me: so, you were only open this week ? 
me: did you ever closed earlier, if it was busy ? 
her: well, we liked to stay open until_ num_ . 
check the date before you bought it ! 
i did bought some tea still, they carried golden moon ! 
this place was an institution for me . 
but this was champaign, specialty demands spendiness . 
are available in both loose-leaf and teabag form . 
: (i was thinking they didn't had good turnover . 
but if you loved quality and freshness, avoided ! 
tea, i adored it ! 
it was a tiny little store which was crammed with cute things to buy . 
this shop had fresh tea, and it had stale tea . 
this was one of my favorite shops ! 
they had really good prices on tea, and they sold coffee too ! 
so many options of tea to choose from . 
this was a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother . 
drinking one of them right now-superb quality, great taste . 
and the staff was super nice and helpful, definitely coming back ! 
didn't took the tea and spice prices for granted . 
i wished i lived closer so i could came here more often ! 
walnut street tea was my favorite little tea shop in existence . 
it was so cute inside, and their teas were super affordable and delicious . 
i loved all the adorable teapots and accessories they sold too . 
i often bought stocking stuffers or small gifts for friends here . 
i hoped this adorable corner teashop was around for a long, long time . 
too good to resist . 
walnut street tea was my favorite little tea shop in existence . 
it was so cute inside, and their teas were super affordable and delicious . 
i loved all the adorable teapots and accessories they sold too . 
i often bought stocking stuffers or small gifts for friends here . 
i hoped this adorable corner teashop was around for a long, long time . 
the women who worked here were extremely nice and helpful . 
the pieces were extra small . 
overall, there was plenty of better places for chocolates . 
my dad: loved this place . 
the caramels were his favorite piece of sweet heaven they made my sister: muy deliciouso me: hard to not love this place . 
the dark chocolates were just soooooooed good in particular . 
check it out . 
the hostess mints were magical . 
that was all i wanted now and forever . 
caramels and pecan clusters were also the jam . 
if you were in the mood for chocolate, didn't thought twice . 
those was memories from my childhood . 
i enjoyed a good biryani, and they had had got it here . 
several dishes were vegetarian, but meat dishes were prevalent . 
the saffron rice was sooo good . 
the service was decent but sometimes pretty slow . 
they also had a few other dishes besides indian which was nice . 
the food tended to be spicey and pretty authentic ! 
a lot of what they offered was geared toward the vegetarian crowd . 
the complaint was the temperature of the food . 
nothing i ever ordered was sizzling . 
the food itself was just ok... nothing had a distinctive aroma . 
i said, went for the buffet on thursdays or sundays . 
buffets were exactly that subpar to average quality food at an inexpensive price . 
this was my neighborhood oriental (more korean than other asian) store . 
store review: this was my first stop into a asian market down in champaign . 
it seemed to be well stocked and maintained . 
the prices were average to slightly higher compared to chicago land asian markets . 
there was a variety of goods from ramen to tofu to frozen fish . 
chinese brocoli, bokchoy hid deals: none yet the ribeye was the best for the greatest steak in town . 
the wine list was basically two choices: white or red . 
the menu was basically two choices: steak or chicken . 
but yes, the salad bar was good . 
this was a place you only went to for one reason-steak . 
expect throngs of locals, esp . 
the fresh bread you got there was out of this world too . 
but i guessed it was worth it . 
i normal didn't ate steak but that steak and the chicken was good . 
i also had a glass of wine with my dinner that was very delicious . 
the pickled beets and freashly baked slight deepfried bread was awesome . 
the decor was more than slightly dungeony from the moment you walked in . 
i really didn't got some of the reviews of this place . 
the salad bar was fabulous ? 
ok, you people needed to get out of central illinois more... . 
so here was what this place was about . 
it was called the ribeye and that was a perfect name for it . 
just about the only thing you can ordered here was a ribeye . 
so you better like ribeyes if you came to this place . 
what was good about it ? 
the salad bar was terrible . 
where was the mixed greens or spinach ? 
unless you wanted a_ num_ ounce ribeye . 
then they had had got you covered ! 
i travelled, tried to get this anywhere-you didn't found it . 
the salad bar was nice, for me not that big of a deal . 
the little loaf of bread was a nice touch . 
the food was awesome though . 
fair was stretching it . 
not on my list to revisit in the future ! 
they made the ranch dressing and that was always a plus in my book . 
they had real bacon bits . 
that along with homemade ranch dressing was the best in my book ! 
i advised went early (they opened at 4:00) or made reservations . 
yes, they only offered ribeye steaks . 
no deceiving there . 
hence their name, the rib eye was solid and unpretentious . 
personally i liked it better when i had med not picking up the bill . 
the vegetables were reasonably fresh and there was a fair amount of toppings . 
even so, this was not a good place for a vegetarian . 
the steak fries were big and crispy but just a little bland to me . 
ambiance/ decor wasn't the best, sure, but it served its purpose . 
the service here was fantastic . 
the servers were professional, polite, friendly, and attentived without being overbearing . 
the highlight for me, however, was the salad bar . 
is it hauted cuisine ? 
but it was solid, simple, and delicious . 
the price wasn't terrible . 
two people with soft drinks and before tip came out to$_ num_ . 
ambience and decor: let me first described the restaurant's ambience . 
the restaurant was a dark, windowless interior space . 
i imagined drinks and dinner while watching a football game would was an example . 
there was a full bar in a space connected to the dining area . 
food: the food at ribeye was not to my taste . 
the ribeye steak was low quality meat . 
eating the steak was not a pleasant or satisfying experience . 
the salad bar came with most dinners . 
overall, the salad bar was not worth ordering . 
it just was not very good . 
bread was a hot, fresh loaf, but mediocre nonetheless . 
also, ribeye did something to its butter . 
these didn't appeared to be prepared to order . 
summary: it also had the feel of a sports bar . 
prices were pretty much in line with what ribeye offered . 
that is, prices were neither too high nor were they particularly good values . 
service was adequate but unremarkable either way . 
for me, this all was about_ num_ 1/2 stars on yelp . 
the price was increased but the steak size was reduced . 
the salad bar that people raved about ? 
hell, even the courier cafe in urbana had a better saladded bar ! 
disgusting . 
my family was going to the ribeye for over_ num_ years . 
the staff was professional and very knowledgeable and helpful . 
the ribeye steak was what you came here for and were worth it . 
the ribeye knew how to cook it and served on a sizzling plate . 
my steak was good every time i had went . 
salad bar was free if you ordered an entree . 
it needed a different spot in the restaurant . 
my fiancee and her family was going to this place for years . 
the service was always excellent and the food was consistently great . 
this was definitely a special occasion restaurant due to it was steep prices though . 
i had med sure she loved it as well as i did this restaurant was a great local spot with very good food . 
ill definitely went again . 
i believed it, very tasty ! 
would compared this was the sizzler . 
ask`` where would you went tonight if cost didn't mattered?  ''
and if that didn't worked asked`` what restaurant was your favorite?  ''
the quality of the steak was on par with almost expired meat from walmart . 
didn't planned to visit again unless someone else was buying . 
the decorn't changed in 20+ years, i had med sure . 
however, the restaurant itself was very clean . 
the salad bar was my favorite--always fresh, crisp and cold . 
i can't overstated the freshness--you constantly saw employees changing the salads . 
however, the steaks were always juicy and full of flavor . 
i always got the grilled chicken with extra barbecue sauce . 
it was seriously the best out there . 
i didn't liked twice-baked potatoes anyways, and their's was no exception . 
i usually ordered steak fries or rice pilaf . 
they had drinks, but they appealed more to the older crowd . 
no biggie for me, i usually ordered iced tea or wine anyways . 
the quality of the food and service was consistent . 
go in with an open-mind . 
they did what they did very well . 
love the salad bar ! 
a modest but flavorful wine selection was available . 
large portions-that was the best i can said . 
but if it was meh, who cared ? 
it was good, for what they was doing . 
maintaining status quo for their regular customers . 
to me, the salad bar was the best thing . 
this was a steak house for the older clients . 
always the same, and that was ok . 
i had med used to a thick narrow cut of beef . 
the menu was very simple . 
the ribeye was very thin and came out on a hot skillet . 
and they did a pretty good job . 
this was not that kind of place, although it thought it was . 
the menu offered three options: ribeye, chicken, or shrimp . 
i understood that the salad bar was a big draw for some people . 
then you looked at the menu and the three dinners cost between$ 16-23 . 
i didn't meant to trash this place too much though . 
i had to give them props for being cool about everything . 
you can got a mediocre steak for a lot less . 
oh, and didn't ordered the fries ! 
i loved that the menu was limited... made the decision process easier ! 
menu was limited to what they did best . 
when in champaign illinois gave it a try . 
the steaks were ok, but thin for the price and always overcooked . 
the shrimp was ok, too . 
the salad bar here was beyond amazing . 
food and served was also excellent . 
ps~ brian was the best waiter . 
he always remembered us and was super personable . 
as a townie, i had had was eating here on special occasions for years . 
i was only halfway joking . 
they did had a salad bar that was included with your dinner . 
pros: nice service, kind of cool retro atmosphere cons: bland over priced food, over inflated reputation nothing particularly outstanding about this establishment . 
there was nothing i liked more than a well marbled ny strip . 
it was all fresh, favorful and kosher ! 
it was the local butcher shopped me and my fiancee was waiting for . 
it was a good thing for customers in the know... every piece of meat i had had had here was delicious . 
you can also got some lunch food here . 
their deli selection was small, but i found they had everything i needed . 
it was spotlessly clean inside, and full of tip top meats ! 
the best beef i saw outside of texas and new zealand ! 
employees who was helpful and actually knew everything about their products ? 
the best yeast rolls i ever found anywhere ? 
fresh bones for my dogs to chomp on ? 
and the list went on... . 
and their bacon was to die for . 
the best bacon i ever had . 
i had med drooling just thinking about it . 
this place was so awesome ! 
they was always willing to go the extra mile here . 
i highly recommended this place ! 
this place was the best place to get meat in the c-u area . 
change but they still had the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage . 
my complaint was that their hours and location could was better . 
their staff was always helpful and they can helped with getting special meat cuts . 
best place around to buy quality meats . 
i always went here when meat was to be the star of a meal . 
this was a wonderful butchershop . 
prices reasonable considering the quality . 
the staff was very helpful and friendly . 
they also had a small selection of fresh fish . 
also can recommended the pickles from the pickle barrel:) knowledgeable, friendly staff . 
sirloin patties and the twice baked potatoes were my went-to choices here . 
i can not recommend this shop enough . 
this place was the best . 
if you needed meat there was no better place in the area . 
it was so nice to have a locally owned butcher . 
the customer service was outstanding and the prices were affordable . 
my favorites: fresh ground beef for very juicy burgers fresh sausage, especially the kielbasa which was heaven i loved this place ! 
the large twice-baked or loaded potatoes were absolutely to die for ! 
excellent supplies for bbq/ smoking . 
the staff was always amazing and the cuts of meat were even better . 
i simply not found anything there i didn't liked . 
the staff was friendly and the meats were delicious . 
definitely worth checking out as bbq season got rolling ! 
we loved (d) this place . 
and, i meant... who didn't . 
never bought that nasty meat again . 
i meant . 
for such reasonable prices, it was a wonder everyone didn't shopped there . 
oh waited, they did ! 
= d you can told just by the parking lot . 
parking can was a bit tricky . 
they carried the beef house rolls ! 
; d i used this when i can't got to the meat science lab . 
when items were on special, they had some pretty great prices . 
everyone was very helpful and they had such a wide variety of items . 
they also offered boar's head deli meats which was delish ! 
i only wished they was open sunday's too ! 
they also had fresh fish which was super convenient ! 
highly recommended . 
this was a quality butcher shop if you wanted to get quality meats . 
where else can you found smoked chicken, cheese curds, and frog legs ? 
i had had got some really good porterhouse steaks here . 
they was never pretentious and was always really willing to answer any questions . 
you really had to come here to see what i meant . 
it was a little expensive but you got what you payed for . 
the staff knew their product and their customers . 
truly gourmet items at reasonable prices beef, pork, chicken, and fish, they had had got it all . 
the potatoes were opposite the meat counter for the true midwestern folks . 
this was definitely the place to go for excellent fresh meat and fish . 
i swore their salmon was the very best in the area . 
the staff was just as amazing . 
olde time was a carnivore's dream . 
they provided exceptional service and delicious meats . 
you can got just about anything to grill or smoked at this place . 
and the prices were good . 
i didn't liked that they had so many things in the center aisles . 
makes it hard to shop especially during the holidays . 
the only place to get my husbands pants . 
has some really cute kids clothes . 
i bought much of my casual clothing there and found the selection quite accommodating . 
can bought a whole bunch of$_ num_,_ num_ clothes . 
has some unique brands which other stores did nt had like simply vera wang . 
our kohl's in champaign was awesome ! 
the return department was second to none . 
i had med a huge kohl's fan because of our local store . 
who didn't loved kohl's ? 
people whon't shopped at kohl's ! 
my work shoes were falling apart . 
who still got fila ? 
i did . 
these shoes were awesome . 
i got them at kohl's ! 
i had med not that large . 
not that i cared . 
the gf was like`` waited, you had a kohl's card ? 
``, and i had med like`` yep '' . 
the lady then asked, did you had a smart phone ? 
and i had med like`` yep '' . 
sadly, no kohl's kash today: (as we was leaving, we walked past the jewelry section . 
there was`` watched and___ ''combo thingies available . 
huge selection and tons of weird looking critters to stare at . 
my friends and i referred to this place as the aquarium . 
and that wasn't even the complete list ! 
the staff there was extremely knowledgeable, nice, and helpful . 
you had to check this place out ! 
this place was waaaaay over priced . 
they took advantage of being the only exotic pet store in town . 
i tried to avoid them as much as possible . 
this was a great store . 
the employees were very helpful and knowledgeable . 
baby rats appeared out out of no where ! 
they had high quality animals and best prices . 
they was extremely knowledgeable . 
i loved this place ! 
they took good care of all their critters . 
they did had nice fish . 
staff here was very friendly and helpful . 
very knowledgeable staff and they had a great selection of fish and other animals . 
sailfin was awesome . 
this was a small biz that truly cared about their pets and products . 
well, there was a downside and a benefit to everything . 
the staff at sailfin was so knowledgeable . 
they knew the natural habitat of the animals they sold . 
if they was selling you a product, there was a reason . 
this pet store was the perfect example of how a small biz should was . 
support your local small business and you 'll were supporting your community . 
i owed it all to intelligent staff there ! 
thanks sailfin, kept doing what you did . 
it was really uncomfortable for them, and their tails can actually detached . 
even if it meant traveling to another town . 
i had med a fish guy, and this place was great ! 
i was to this store numerous times . 
my experience was hit or missed . 
this was the greatest place to buy yarn ! 
the yarn selection was fantastic and the teachers were great . 
the knitted alongs were fun as well as knitted night . 
this place welcoming and the prices were comparable . 
staff was very friendly and helpful . 
going back again ! 
this was a home away from home store . 
this was a really nice yarn store . 
i was to needleworks a few times for various projects . 
every single time, the staff and the regular knitters was incredibly helpful . 
it was such a nice place to be . 
make sure you went when the decent employees were working . 
highly recommended if you can got decent help . 
here was why i thought that: the sparkle factor on their diamonds i looked at was high quality ! 
:) let's got married in the backyard! ) 
friday came . 
my ring was in, but his wasn't . 
size for us to use at the ceremony on sunday . 
we was exceptionally pleased with both rings . 
i can not say enough good things about browne's . 
oh, and they was replating it ! 
how much did it cost ? 
and i had to wait up to two days ? 
they took care of their jewelry and their customers . 
i can promised you that i did not be shopping for jewelry anywhere else . 
it looked amazing . 
my rings looked brand new again . 
they really took care of their jewelry and their customers . 
thank you so much ! 
i highly recommended browne's ! 
didn't went here ! 
they was the most incomeptent group of people i ever met . 
i did not recommend renting from u group at all . 
there was much better apartments, and much better landlords in the champaign-urbana area . 
university group staff was incredibly friendly and helpful . 
specifically, the maintenance department was professional and quickly attended to your maintenance requests . 
maintenance was terrible ! 
it took a good month-2 months for them to even got back to you . 
the leasing manager was terribly rude and the staff was clueless ! 
avoid ! 
avoid ! 
second they did not agree that it was dirty . 
and finally when you moved out, they deducted_ num_ dollars for cleaning . 
these realtors acted like dictators . 
never rented their apartment ! 
they did not care tenants at all . 
it was suffering living in their apartment year round . 
they had a very responsible maintenance department . 
didn't rented from them if you had a choice ! 
the positive reviews here were jokes, they was probably ug workers . 
all i can said was: did not live with university group . 
now we had had lived here for_ num_ months and the fan still maintained broke . 
our handle on the apartment door almost dropped . 
reported several times with the fan problem, ug didn't cared at all . 
i was a girl living alone . 
can you imagined how terrified i was at that moment ? 
this was rude ! 
they had my number and email . 
why didn't they notified me in advance ? 
the$_ num_ was due to painting the wall, which was hilarious . 
i can not think of a reason for the wall to be painted again . 
if the wall was clean, why it was us to be charged ! 
and the parking lot was almost empty during the summer . 
then the car got towed . 
why didn't you leaved a note for a visitor's car ? 
this was how differently landlord treated with their tenant ! 
carrie's logo said it all`` funky to fabulous '' . 
if you stopped in, told her gretchen said hi ! 
why, may you asked ? 
imagine being a person of color who just moved to champaign . 
you were new, confused, slightly nervous about everything . 
and you stumbled upon cool stores like furniture lounge or jane addams . 
in the middle of the shelf, plain for all to see ? 
that was right . 
she now angrily sat on my coffee table, making people felt uncomfortable . 
do i felt comfortable that i bought it ? 
and i officially hated carrie was now . 
but at least mammy was free . 
so i had med not surprised that she came into possession of one . 
over the years, i bought the following from them: black cartoon deer bookended an embroidered betsey johnson blazer a green wool jacket from a traditional austrian costume damask-covered victorian granny boots tied more cheap shoes went here with no agenda and you didn't were disappointed . 
i was greatly angered by and disappointed in this place . 
also, carrie was not always the most friendly shop owner . 
this place was really cool, but it was also really overwhelming . 
i gave it five stars for the awesome stuff they had in there . 
things like that should just were threw away... that came out to about three stars right ? 
if that was the case, stayed away from here . 
i was pretty happy with the vintage scarf's i had had found . 
meet great people . 
one of the healthiest and most convenient places to get groceries on campus . 
they had a variety of everything from organic cereal to environmentally friendly cleaning products . 
however, my favorite items were the local foods . 
however, soon they was planning to open it up completely to the public . 
location was a plus . 
definitely worth checking out . 
have you ever walked, biked, or drove (preferably walked or biked ! 
what was more, many of the items was from local or family-owned businesses . 
if you decided to leave, the fee was completely refundable, too . 
check out the website link for more information . 
the staff here was always friendly and extremely helpful . 
you can became co-owner for a$_ num_ investment buy-in . 
it was really new and clean which was nice . 
it was all in or all out, judas, okay ! 
i had med a poor graduate student that had a very expensive diet . 
even as a member they was on the side of ridiculously over priced . 
it was cleaner and more like a normal grocery store than most co-ops . 
this co-op had more pretensions of grandeur than most . 
i had med from chicago . 
so that was not why it got_ num_ stars . 
i had had only was here once . 
that was when its irritating to see just how jacked up the prices were ! 
i spent hundreds of dollars there . 
but there was problems with other members there . 
their selection was ok... but natural gourmet was better . 
the co-op was a hub of activity in urbana with bike racks out front . 
my husband and i lived near chicago,, where whole foods stores abounded . 
we was quite spoiled . 
what to do about food ? 
that said, this place was a gem, thus the_ num_ star rating . 
it had the best that whole foods had to offer . 
they listed the farms their produce came from, which i found charming . 
the staff was very friendly and helpful . 
the prices were reasonable, considering there wasn't that much organic in town . 
i had had was in here a few times . 
in't bought anything though . 
i loved the free recipes and all the organic healthy choices . 
despite the prices, they seemed busy enough . 
i thought this place was pretty great . 
it just was. ) 
their prepared foods were all excellent; may i recommended the asian peanut noodles ? 
it was better than nothing ! 
bring your own bags so you didn't had to buy one ! 
i was very happy with the cg co-op . 
their bulk section was really nice . 
this was definitely the kind of local store that it felt good to support . 
they had a very good selection of bulk goods, especially glutenned free products . 
i was proud to call myself an owner . 
their bulk section was well-stocked and the selection of local produce was impressive . 
i was thrilled for the expansion in the fall ! 
i shopped the bulk bins because there was variety . 
i shopped the sale items . 
i didn't bought much else . 
you had to bring your own bags . 
the look you were going to get was pretty side ways so looked out . 
all i had to say... was the pretense in this place was rich . 
watch out ! 
the store was becoming a very very awesome place to shop ! 
the expansion was great . 
they had more spices, an awesome tea selection and many other changes . 
oh, they started to have a salad bar, which was so appealing . 
they provided fresh side dishes and salads . 
i loved their expanded selection for spices.the bulk area just became my favorite part . 
the fresh produce was on the more expansive side . 
we all knew living healthy in an organic life was very expensive here . 
it was not their's fault . 
they expanded the store and it was even better . 
part of what made this place so great was the people . 
i shopped here often and the employees genuinely seemed like they enjoyed their jobs . 
they was easy to talk to, very helpful and kind . 
go checked 'em out ! 
sandwichs, pizza, soups, burritos, salads, etc meats, vegetarian, vegan, glutenned free, etc prices were very moderate and cheaper than strawberried fields . 
they also had a salad bar, pizza, and sandwiches . 
there was a bakery, coffee, and soups . 
everything i had had tasted was pretty good ! 
i recommended bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card . 
since the store expanded, it seemed like prices came down a little . 
good selection and good prices, especially considering that everything was organic and/or local. ) 
they had a great selection, and the staff was incredibly friendly . 
most excellent place even if it was a bit pricey . 
i had med so glad i found a co-op near champaign ! 
they had all the products a vegetarian health-nut could dreamt of . 
i planned to do all of my grocery shopping here from now on . 
they even had wine ! 
:) it was a lot bigger now and the staff was super friendly and helpful . 
they had great vegetarian and vegan options and a wonderful salad and soup bar . 
i loved their ready made sandwiches ! 
try the egg-less saladded sandwich, it was awesome . 
i tried to reproduce their recipe to no avail . 
my only complaint was that some employees came off as lazy . 
i meant, they did got paided to work, didn't they ? 
we loved our food co-op ! 
my children loved shopping here with me . 
calling this place a coop was a misrepresentation . 
the prices of this place were on par with whole foods aka whole paycheck . 
no thanked you . 
whenever we went visited her family, we always stopped by the co-op . 
lots of terrific variety and i had to agree with her about the soups . 
common ground had a wonderful selection . 
they stocked local, organic and delicious produce, meats, and cheeses . 
i loved it all . 
these people was the best people in the world . 
i missed rainbow grocery ! 
otherwise, i loved what they was doing ! 
i had med a vegetarian& extremely grateful for this store . 
the had so many meatless products for me here . 
i had had got organic food& medicine . 
to start off, i had the most fickle debit card on the planet . 
also, they had counter culture coffee . 
that alone was worth_ num_ stars . 
always gave back or payed it forward, people . 
this was a great place to get healthy, organic foods ! 
behind the scenes, it was not as great as it seemed . 
i particularly like their fruits, vegetables, and bulk items . 
i thought most things here our overpriced and sub-par quality . 
we was members solely for that reason . 
for all other supplies, strawberried fields were a closer alternative and similarly priced . 
this was a great place to get organic& natural foods& products . 
it was a nice& adjacent stopped from the weekend farmer's market . 
there was outdoor dining areas, which was great when the weather's nice . 
the place was layered back& clean . 
it was consistently an enjoyable experience . 
to put it simply, i just felt good when i shopped here . 
my favorite items: the quality was second to none and everything you bought was local . 
:) offered classes in their cafe section occasionally . 
the miller farms stuff was very good in my experience . 
love the friendly atmosphere and all the organic options available . 
i loved their sandwiches made on local bread with the most amazing pesto ever ! 
if i had had learnt anything about local communities, it was to support them . 
common ground was comparable to whole foods except on a more local level . 
they had a great selection of vegan products ! 
i loved the co-op idea so major kudos ! 
didn't went here if you can avoided it . 
update: six months later my`` new ''radiator began spouting coolant everywhere . 
this garage was a scam market ! 
probably my fav place to shop in champaign . 
the men's department was sorely lacking . 
need more higher end items . 
esp like their underwear section store review: at least they had a tj maxx in champaign . 
the store itself was a bit cramped and the aisles very small . 
i wished they would expanded on that selection more . 
the people at this store was beyond helpful . 
this was by far the best drum shop i had had ever was too ! 
best drum shop between chicago and memphis ! 
i stopped by anytime i had med in town . 
amazing drum shop ! 
skins n tins were everything a good drum shop should was . 
pounce on their awesome cymbal sale in november ! 
edit: sale now was just all the time ! 
so pounce on their awesome cymbal deals at all times ! 
items were overcharged and there was no return policy . 
indifferent and unhelpful personnel did not know the inventory of the store . 
this company was a complete fraud . 
wow was they jerked . 
didn't gave these people money . 
i occasionally needed a tool here and there for small jobs . 
there was usually two guys working here . 
like the other reviewers said, they was not very nice . 
one of them was a little bit more friendly than the other . 
we booked_ num_ tickets at 8:05 am on mar. 16th from champaign to chicago . 
please did yourself a favor by not using greyhound ! 
this reminded me of the movie titanic where people jostled to get on lifeboats ! 
there was also a bathroom in the back, which was pretty clean . 
there was two outlets per row, so charging electronics were convenient . 
there was wifi on the bus too, but it did blocked inappropriate websites . 
also, there was footrests under the seat in front of you . 
art coop saved my ass every time . 
they was open late and always had what i needed . 
go on, quizzed 'em . 
:/) the prices were not great, definitely higher than dicked blick . 
i missed the old school art coop . 
: (of course it was in stock . 
this was exactly why i loved this store . 
it was also convenient by bus and a nice_ num_ minute walk from campus . 
great store:) i had nothing but good things to say about the art coop . 
where did you went when your washer and dryer break down ? 
that was right . 
i liked to surf the net while separating my whites from the colors . 
and no, that was not racist . 
the laundromat was clean and big, so that was a plus . 
thanks for letting us all knew via internet . 
we was very happy for you . 
definitely the best laundromat i found in the c-u area . 
the normal washers were$ 1.50/ load and then the dryers were$.25/ 7 minutes . 
they did had super speedy dry cleaning though... . 
seems thinner and colder ever since . 
for dry cleaning they was extremely expensive . 
they was open everyday, however . 
they lost our business for good . 
on top of it all--they was extremely expensive . 
did not go here . 
didn't supported this business please . 
however, now that it happened twice, i did not trust them . 
update: a day later, still no credit . 
last time i used any starcrest dry cleaning . 
this laundromat was the cleanest one we ever was to . 
this laundromat was connected to the dry cleaners and the air conditioning was comfortable . 
this place had roaches ! 
it was a shame it was the one closest to my apartment . 
they also had coin machines that worked . 
i had yet to have a problem here . 
it was fast and convenient . 
i had had was here twice for dry cleaning . 
you guys, if you had to move from champaign, went with allied . 
you thought i had med going to come to illinois to see your apartment?  ''
go with allied ! 
if you were affiliated with the university you got a_ num_% discount . 
thirty minutes later no one showed and i called and cancelled . 
moving was stressful enough . 
save yourself the worry and avoided like the plague . 
did not . 
did not . 
do nottttt used this moving company ! 
they was absolutely terrible ! 
the owners were friendly and helpful and had a good eye for interesting items . 
we had had scored some outstanding pieces at really good prices . 
now i can listened to jessie's girl on my turntable ironically all summer . 
didn't judged me . 
furniture lounge was simply the best shop to go to if:* you were redesigning your home and needed furnishings, lighting, decor* you were trying to find a unique gift for a friend or relative* you loved thrifting, antiques, or vintage* you loved mid century modern design* you wanted to look at something interesting and beautiful ! 
scott and amanda was super nice and knew their mcm furniture . 
they even thanked my via fb to shopping locally . 
this shop was a true treasure for champaign's mods . 
i absolutely loved the selection they had in this store . 
i loved the furniture and decorations . 
it was pretty fun just to look around and saw everything . 
i had the most amazing necklace ever, thanks to them . 
they had some really unique pieces of jewelry . 
i loved the clothes, too . 
i had had bought some of my favorite tshirts and sweaters there . 
it was worth it to go in and took a look . 
lots of fun things to see and bought ! 
i kinda wanted everything in the store when i went in . 
there was something for everyone, and price points for everyone . 
we loved furniture lounge ! 
this place looked as if the owners just raided the set of mad men . 
they always had rad stuff every time i came in here . 
the merry-ann's at neil and kirby was a standby . 
it was the typical greasy spoon and i loved it for that . 
forget your calorie-counting conscience at the door . 
what was it about this diner down by the train tracks ? 
or its hangover cousin that added hamburger to the mess ? 
` nuff said, but in case it was not... i meant, they had a`` hangover burger ''for f*ck's sake ! 
i loved breakfast food . 
merry-ann's had amazing breakfast food . 
ergo, i loved merry-ann's ! 
thirsty impaired my judgement) . 
the stack after 1 am was the only thing i ever really came here for . 
but it stuck out in my memory . 
but its almost too new and clean to enjoy properly . 
this place was dingy and small, but it gave it character . 
you can found your regular grease-laden favorites here . 
as far as specialties went, i 'd said, the diner stack ? 
(noted: rating only applicable from 2am-6am) stack . 
haven't ate there since . 
i knew waffle house was generally pretty disgusting, but i loved it . 
so overall, a great cheap place to go . 
it was a diner . 
merry ann's was a great place, a true down home american diner . 
they had great breakfast food, which was all i had had ever had there . 
i definitely recommended it . 
for those of you health conscious, perhaps you can had wheat toast ? 
that was about the only health alternative here . 
it was really the gravy that set this breakfast delight apart from the rest . 
amazing diner food, but that was it . 
it was still a diner, no matter how you cut it . 
the price was reasonable and they was open till all hours of the night . 
making my ridiculous drunken forays into champaign-urbana much more comfortable and filling . 
i loved this place, but it was just a diner . 
i seemed to always got the really short and rude servers . 
the ones that made you felt like you were not supposed to be there . 
so, there you had it . 
it was great food, poor service, great looking diner, great price . 
but, man had my waitresses were bitches . 
i had no interest in darkening the door of this diner again . 
merry-ann's was a cute, illini-paraphanalia-ed (was that a word? ) 
diner with overly hovering waitresses and bad orange juice . 
their hash was amazing . 
it was the reason why i had med giving merry-ann's its single star . 
merry-ann's did not know how to make a good gravy . 
they had this dish called the diner stack... . 
service was your typical diner service so not bad . 
i had med pretty picky about mechanically separated chicken . 
maybe that was snooty, but i just hated it . 
i meant c'm on man, it was a diner for goodness sake . 
ahh yes... the stack . 
but the key to the diner stack was the gravy . 
it looked real thick, but went down surprisingly smooth . 
any way you ordered it really, it was a thing of breakfast beauty . 
the other reason i held this place in such high regard ? 
i had had spent many a good time and never a bad time here . 
do ate here . 
did not judge it until you did . 
do tried the diner stack at least once . 
did not eat all by your lonesome (invited someone. ) 
did not go there to study . 
do respected the staff and other patrons . 
do tipped well . 
did not sit in silence . 
do engaged in good conversation . 
did not talk about fight club . 
and did came back now, ya heard ? 
i knew to some, it was just a diner . 
yeah it was far . 
yeah it was never really clean . 
yeah it was just diner food . 
i had had was to marry-ann's several times while visiting friends in champaign . 
but hey, that was what i expected form a place like this . 
just took it for what it was; cheap, greasy ate . 
i suggested the diner stack with lipitor for dessert . 
this was a total drunk-food/ hangover spot for sure . 
horrible service, ok stack . 
oh, also, i wished they had heinz ketchup . 
merry-ann's diner was the definition of mediocrity when it came to diners . 
unfortunately, champaign had a lack of diners and_ num_ hour restaurants . 
merry-ann's diner was a truck stop style_ num_ hour breakfast diner . 
unfortunately, merry-ann's was not very good . 
i suspected that this diner was designed to duplicate the successful waffle house model . 
service was roughly comparable to that of other waffle house stores . 
(and the quality delivered was mostly poor. ) 
the merry-ann diner was not suitable for breakfast at any time of day . 
merry-ann's just didn't did it for me . 
1st off i not ate here in over_ num_ years . 
this place was nostalgic . 
but it was consistently the worst coffee in town . 
you can tasted the stale . 
even so, it was a diner . 
i can made better food at home for cheaper . 
pros: friendly service, clean hid deals: monday to friday_ num_ were to_ num_ were_ num_ eggs,_ num_ pancakes,_ num_ ham for_ num_ ham omeletted_ num_ all day specialed mon-thurs super burger_ num_ grilled ham and cheese_ num_ best place for a hangover meal ! 
it was a cute diner ! 
it was supposed to be that way . 
the breakfast burrito was very good . 
ordered a mega omelet with no ham, it came back with ham . 
it came back--ham again ! 
not coming back . 
otherwise, there was a ton of better options in town for the price . 
that was about the best i can said for them . 
merry ann's was definitely a place to recover from a rough night . 
i just loved breakfast . 
the breakfasts were always fast, tasty, and cheap . 
what more can you asked for ? 
what more to expect for a diner--great food and a relaxed ambiance . 
an old-school diner that was exactly where it should . 
it was always pleasant to find a good greasy american breakfast joint ! 
and you didn't had to drive all the way up to north prospect . 
having_ num_ billion things on your menu didn't made you a good restaurant . 
but still, it hurt my head just to open the menu . 
i meant, came on . 
it was endless right ? 
wrong, not if they didn't asked you if you wanted more . 
i thought i maybe had_ num_ bites of it . 
fridays were fridays . 
i didn't knew what people expected of the food . 
it was a chain restaurant, not gourmet . 
the only problem was that they served it only on sunday . 
we had very limited places in champaign that served good fried chicken . 
the wait staff was extremely friendly and the place was always clean . 
this place had real good food . 
we always seemed to have the jack daniels ribs . 
they was so good they melted in your mouth . 
i refused to go to tgi friday's in champaign anymore . 
i had med very forgiving when it came to service . 
however, truly bad service was inexcusable . 
this wasn't what bothered me . 
it happened . 
the food was alright, but nothing spectacular . 
normally things here were ok-nothing fantastic . 
the prices were also very reasonable . 
very little to complain about with tgi fridays . 
this was all on top of the ridiculous prices they charged . 
i did not understand the reviews that said` reasonable prices ' . 
yes, the food was usually pretty tasty, but it was very overpriced . 
almost$_ num_ for_ num_ mozzarella sticks ? 
friday's when there was way better deals all around you ? 
did not go here . 
i loved chain food but this place was awful . 
i doubted i will ever went back to a tgi fridays at any location . 
save yourself the time and money and avoided this place . 
the store was a lot bigger, and their new crew was fantastic ! 
the food was . 
i guessed they wasn't expecting local goat cheese buckwheat crepadillas . 
the food was french, mostly creped, and pretty tasty . 
the wine and beer lists were also extensive and interesting . 
i was pretentious and i loved pretension . 
no, seriously, it did . 
the decor was amazing, however . 
the portions were tiny, especially considering the prices . 
beer selection was good, but also very overpriced . 
as always, options were really creative, but more importantly, delicious ! 
carmon's quickly became one of my favorite eateries in c-u . 
i meant, it was a creperie, right ? 
the fish special was worth having every time you went . 
the seafood st jacqueed crepe was also consistently amazing . 
i was such a huge fan . 
i was stuffed, and stuffed with amazing food . 
i didn't understood what was wrong with buckwheat crepes ? 
i loved them . 
and that was what they avoided . 
i had mixed feelings about carmon's . 
i highly recommended ordering this item ! 
the smoked salt that was used to flavor the butter was also spectacular . 
there was an amazing amount of flavor packed into each grain of salt . 
overall, i highly recommended carmon's for breakfast . 
this place was an absolute joke . 
it was extremely overpriced ($_ num_ for a solo ham and cheese crepe ? 
i went there with my girlfriend to eat steak and crepes . 
the food was consistently good, and their specials were always interesting . 
it gave a pleasant atmosphere to the place . 
the place was clean and kind of cool with friendly service . 
a great place to take your parents . 
anyways, i definitely forgot the name of the dish . 
** a special thanks to matthew l. for helping with this review ! 
didn't expected me to come back here again . 
i loved carmon's . 
miss this place, and that cute lil redhead that worked there too ! 
really yummy french onion soup--it had a crepe in it ! 
this place definitely tried way too hard to be something its not . 
this was not the case here . 
i never saw a restaurant that hired waitressed this horrible . 
now hered the good part: thanks but no thanks . 
we refused to come to carmon's ever again . 
the ambiance was really nice-very shabby chic with some refined touches . 
my husband said his was decent . 
i didn't knew why they couldn't used white flour . 
i not had any nightmare experiences like other diners . 
i adored the bread with smoked salt . 
the coffee (with constant refills) was excellent . 
the pork crepe with fried egg was out of this world . 
so was the crepe suzette . 
definitely went for their specials--they had had never let me down . 
the service always was pleasant . 
you definitely had to bring out the pocketbook, but the food was quality . 
enjoy ! 
price was the only reason i didn't came back so often . 
still loved carmon's ! 
love how they kept in interesting . 
this was a small, shabby-chic french restaurant serving simple french food . 
i recommended the salmon starter and specials . 
i guessed they only just started serving dinner as well as breakfast and lunch . 
i had had always ate them as desserts with chocolate and banana nutella . 
the lunch crepes were great, and you can even built your own . 
i definitely recommended at least trying it out ! 
he was an absolute hoot . 
he definitely added to the pleasurable experience . 
i suspected we returned to carmon's for brunch during our next visit . 
carmon's was a restaurant reminiscent of a small specialty restaurant in europe . 
it was at its heart a creperie, and its crepes did not disappoint . 
the food was good but the customer service was awful . 
the service was wonderful . 
i always was seated right away and the servers seemed happy to help . 
they had a wonderful wine selection and the food was fabulous . 
they had a variety of crepes and quiches . 
there was always a special for the day . 
carmon's restaurant closed . 
but the space was reincarnated as carmon's bistro . 
so looked for reviews of carmon's bistro ! 
do you had bored children on your hands ? 
the orpheum can quickly took care of that ! 
it was a little rag tag compared to other children's museums . 
but the live animals usually got everyone interested ! 
i was not kidding . 
these people was clueless . 
it went on and on . 
for$ 9/ person, you can surely did better than that . 
didn't was fooled . 
avoid this place ! 
i had had went to places that r free and was cleaner than this one ! 
it was such a gorgeous space, with many new exhibits . 
it was such a gorgeous space, with many new exhibits . 
not sure if it was a joke on us-or the kids . 
dirty-everything was dirty and dusty . 
plus-$_ num_ to get in ? 
huevos rancheros were another favorite of mine . 
fyi-the lunch specials were yummy and a great price-checked them out . 
i had med making myself wanted to go there right now just thinking about it . 
next, the service was fast, friendly, and the food delicious . 
howerver that was when the good times stopped . 
in fact, it may was my favorite restaurant in town . 
they gave you free chips with two salsas, one spicy and one mild . 
this place was very hit-or-missed with me . 
the setting was always nice, especially with shady outdoor seating during the summer . 
and they did chiled rellenos well . 
parking lot caused the parking lot was full . 
i particularly loved the chimichangas . 
i had med a fan.  ''
and i was, because this was one of my went-to restaurants . 
fiesta cafe had the best mexican in champaign/ urbana . 
everything wasn't made with the same ground beef, there was choices . 
on a nice night, outdoor seating was fun . 
great mexican beer selection and drank specials occurred . 
the food though, had much to be desired . 
the chips were good and the salsa wasn't too bad either . 
good place to go if you were just looking for` ritas and chips . 
i much preferred tortillas that restaurants made themselves . 
as the saying went: i had had got_ num_ problems . 
getting the order wrong and forgetting a side ? 
ruining tequila with a syrupy excuse of a marguerita ? 
swapping the meats on my bfs platter ? 
it had a nice attitude that felt very independent, spunky, and spontaneous . 
four stars were for the the overall vibe-enjoyed it for what it was ! 
another spot in champaign that seemed like it was open forever . 
the building was made of adobe, with a great shaded outdoor seating area . 
service was hit or missed, depending on how many people was here . 
the food was very typical for this kind of joint . 
that was it . 
good for a nostalgic trip when visiting the family . 
though nothing to go out of your way for . 
excellent service, they served chips and salsa too . 
they had tons of tequila choices . 
i read a few reviews about this place before i went . 
i betted they was good . 
i promised you i did not be going back . 
too mad for them because, as i said, i loved mexican food ! 
they had massively awesome margaritas, and was super vegetarian friendly . 
food beat the hell out of the other mexican places in town . 
i ''ed med a fan ''i guessed that summed it up . 
i dug the funky vibe of fiesta . 
i used to come here in my early twenties and gorged out . 
well... i loved this spot . 
it was a long standing tradition of downtown champaign . 
i had med a fan of the enchiladas, chicken/ mole to be exact . 
the staff was super as well . 
they was pretty great . 
i made this dish better at home . 
this place was great . 
her margaritas were on point and her attitude was perfect . 
she was fun to work with and always had a smile on her face . 
i loved trying new things here (which was rare for me) . 
love the cimichanga with a huge strawberry margarita at fiesta ! 
fun place to eat out and the chips and salsa was good as well . 
i loved amy tho ! 
amy was the best ! 
always ran into people i knew at this great place . 
it was a very friendly place with great food and awesome margaritas ! 
i loved this place ! 
also amy was the best waitress ! 
as for the food, it was not perfect . 
i wished i had when i was a student . 
my absolute favorite sat down mexican restaurant in town . 
i hoped i had med not forgetting anything in there . 
amy was the greatest server, but the rest was pretty good too ! 
also white cheese sauce with chorizo was very good . 
i loved coming here . 
the food and the drinks was great ! 
it was perfectly sweetened, very fragrant and smooth ! 
they did gave a huge portions . 
i thought i used the amtrak again ! 
when amtrak was good... it was really really good . 
but when it was bad, it was terrible . 
whenever i rode the saluki, it seemed to get delayed . 
amtrak needed to get its act together and i needed to get a car . 
unless you bought your tickets several weeks in advance . 
i had had had_ num_ hour delays on amtrak ! 
chicago was a major travel hub and the closest major city . 
the fact that it was so difficult to get to hurt the university . 
sweden benefits enormously from having fast, relatively cheap, and hassle-free railway . 
i had med bragging now, but uiuc needed amtrak to shape up . 
the delays ranged from_ num_ hour to_ nummed_ hours . 
this was the best way to get to and from chicago from champaign . 
you can even walked around, and used a human-sized bathroom . 
a night to never remembered . 
(same went for the reverse process on our arrival back home. ) 
clean bathrooms, a subway and vending machines downstairs, very reliable wifi . 
he was incredibly helpful, funny, and sweet . 
he was just incredibly polite, and manners went a long way . 
so amtrak, please read this and gave him a raise ! 
those people was everywhere, that was not amtrak's fault . 
i loved taking the train whenever i came back home to champaign from chicago . 
being flexible with times was also an advantage to getting a good deal . 
i wished the guy in front of me would stopped farting . 
also another lady to my right smelt like play doh . 
recommendation: brought some odor eliminating plug ins or something this meant you, the passenger, will most certainly was delayed . 
regarding ticket prices, it competed with greyhound in terms of cheapness . 
hence you payed less then a bus ticket if you planned accordingly . 
the train itself was really nice and clean . 
pick a nice smelling passenger to sit with and you 'll were fine . 
the wifi sucked though and was not reliable in my opinion . 
this station was one of the better ones i had had was to . 
typically, they was about an hour late . 
one job and they never was on time... . 
how can that was ? 
time to reevaluate your business model . 
my use of this amtrak station was very limited . 
i actuallyn't used it for the train . 
i was there to pick up friends from the train . 
i liked that this station served many functions . 
the train, city buses, and charter buses all stopped here . 
and they was located in different areas, which made it easier to navigate . 
when the greyhound arrived, they called out the bus information . 
expect your train to be_ num_ minutes late . 
the staff was super friendly and helpful . 
the towing business can was a dirty business full of jaded and shady characters . 
andy was really was that rare and honorable small operator . 
here was to you, andy ! 
and thanked you ! 
disclaimer: this was a review of sam's cafe's new evening menu . 
the baklava was the best i had had ever had . 
i had med thrilled that we found this place; it was a treasure ! 
did not leave sam's without trying the pancakes . 
sounds a little creepy, but it was true . 
go supported local business ! 
i didn't recommended it . 
nothing to brag about . 
each meal came with a choice of two meals . 
in fact, i thought the homous was their best food ! 
btw, warm pita bread kept coming, which was a nice touch . 
they had a really good breakfast special . 
it was cheap and good . 
i loved french toast, it was my favorite breakfast food . 
sam's was the epitome of a greasy spoon . 
seriously, the best french toast i had had ever had . 
it was rich, crispy and seasoned with powdered sugar and cinnamon . 
_ num_ bucks and changed for two coffees, two specials and french toast . 
sam's was awesome for breakfast . 
i always wanted to try sam's . 
finally having a dentist appointment at_ num_ was (icked! ) 
i liked that about the place . 
i knew. ) 
basically, it was no-frills, straight up fast and cheap service . 
and that was refreshing . 
:) oh, and they didn't took cards . 
bring cash . 
it was not like you 'll needed a lot of it ! 
this was the breakfast place of my dreams ! 
i knew, it was not fancy . 
now if it would only moved toward urbana... but who cared about that ? 
the food was phenomenal ! 
be served at a way fancier place for way more money . 
it was one of c-u's little gems . 
french toast was amazing ! 
unpretentious, hole in the wall that was worth the drive . 
cash only and brought change for the parking meters . 
the french toast, oddly pancaked style, was to die for . 
also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available . 
i had med such a huge fan of hole-in-the-walls . 
i had many regrets from my college career . 
i got to experience two of my favorite words here: cheap brunch . 
oh yes please gimmed me nao i wanted it i wanted it so bad . 
footnotes: did not eat here if:-you were on a diet . 
i didn't thought the cooks knew what that word meant . 
no lite butter or diet fat free bacon to be found here . 
-you were a snob . 
-you were a germaphobe... . 
snap out of it, took a class in immunology . 
germs aiedn't got nothin 'on you . 
(sorry, bio nerd leaking through. ) 
do ate here if:-you were a broke-ass college kid . 
-you loved breakfast foods . 
the french toast was particularly noteworthy . 
it was either_ num_ or_ num_...) as good as a cheap and greasy breakfast got . 
very friendly staff, and it really felt like a neighborhood restaurant . 
this was my favorite place for breakfast in champaign . 
it was a comfort-food-greasy-spoon restaurant . 
the food was very inexpensive and it had the best french toast in town . 
the seats were quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance . 
i wished they would brought it back . 
food was cheap, breakfast special was$_ num_ and it ran all day ! 
i knew i was going again ! 
how was it so good ? 
that was a good question . 
there was better-for-us breakfasts in champaign . 
there was fancier breakfasts in champaign . 
delicious, and a perfect serving . 
sounds disgusting ? 
trust me, it was awesome . 
the atmosphere was probably going to take a few visits to grow on me . 
and the food was indeed good . 
excellent service very honest waiter looks can were deceiving, and sams cafe was a classic example of that . 
sams were my favorite place for breakfast in chambana . 
a big reason for that was the french toast . 
it was simply the best i every had . 
wait staff was friendly and efficient . 
sams were definitely a diamond in the rough . 
it was a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food . 
but i thought it was over rated in yelp . 
i had med a believer . 
prices were great, i thought a burger was under$_ num_ ! 
i never ordered anything other than french toast and hash browns . 
the hash browns were darn good too . 
side-note: they only took cash . 
and it was delicious melty american cheese, not oily coagulated cheddar . 
and i swore these had browns were from scratch . 
small place, so i can imagined it filled up fast . 
the american fries were great, as were the french toast . 
have heard so much about sam's cafe and now wondered why . 
it was was a while since i left that much food on my plate . 
of course, if you disagreed you were obviously declasse . 
but the thing i can't got over was the pancakes . 
they was absolutely delicious . 
plus, they took out . 
you got what you payed for but the food was cheap quick and easy . 
there was an_ num_% chance that sam could was serving you . 
say hi . 
i had med definitely never going back . 
no clue how this had_ num_ stars . 
i believed the owner dipped the toast in pancake batter before frying it . 
how cool was this guy anyway . 
sam's had the best pancakes i had had had in quite a while . 
it was your typical cafe, everything did the way you would wanted it . 
didn't even bothered with merry anns just came straight to sams . 
they made everything to order (duh) . 
sam and his family was some really hard working people and it showed . 
what more can you asked for ? 
i had had heard the french toast and pancakes was also great . 
any kind of breakfast to be had . 
environment was very shabby with some old chairs and tables . 
but the price and the taste was amazing . 
strongly recommended . 
parking was kinda difficult sometimes and only took cash . 
the biggest flaw of this place was the extremely slow wait times . 
there seemed to be only one cook . 
the staff was relatively amiable . 
they talked about that customer as if she was in the wrong . 
another problem was the extremely small tables . 
its greatest strength was its really good prices . 
their`` american ''fries were actually very soft hash browns . 
this place was what it was . 
if that sounded repulsive to you, didn't went ! 
if not, went and definitely had the french toast . 
service was ok at best but wth ? 
they had the best french toast . 
the price was also very reasonable:) everything including a milk for the daughter was$_ num_ with tip . 
service was awesome-everyone was super-friendly . 
for now, made sure you kept an andrew jackson on ya ! 
sam's cafe had great food at a reasonable price . 
i ate there many of times and was always satisfied . 
they had great lunch specials with a great at home feeling atmosphere . 
the only downside was that the seating was very small . 
they had a good amount of tables but they was tiny . 
there was two reasons to come to sam's: two, you wanted their breakfast special . 
do your mouth a favor (flavor? ) 
sam's cafe served good breakfast food at reasonable prices . 
and they used real butter . 
there was like one server/ busboy/ cashier and he was awesome . 
have always got breakfast, and the food was wonderful every time . 
i recommended sam's cafe ! 
only down side was they only took cash, no credit or debited amazing breakfast ! 
the breakfast special was worth the price as the portions were fairly large . 
try the french toast . 
but that was where it began and ended . 
sam's cafe was super cute-looking from the outside . 
but that was where the good stopped . 
but other than those two things, i saw no positives about this place . 
seems like that could was a possibility seeing that this place had_ num_ stars . 
incredibly rude, clearly didn't cared for customers or loyalty . 
i didn't thought we 'll was back . 
the all day breakfast special was only$_ num_ ! 
nice place to meet with friends, friendly staff and nice atmosphere:-) ok enough of the rant . 
absolutely loved this place ! 
coffee was always hot and fresh and the french toast was to die for ! 
a must tried every time i walked into sam's i felt at home . 
i hoped it never closed . 
sometimes getting back to basics can separated the good restaurants from the great restaurants . 
this place was great . 
that served breakfast . 
it was super fast and just great classic breakfast . 
it was butter and had the crispy edges, clearly made with buttermilk . 
they seemed to soak it in butter with some maple syrup . 
one less point for being cash only . 
service was pretty friendly . 
these guys were awesome . 
i highly recommended them . 
charlie was a very nice person . 
thanks charlie . 
nice place-on campus, but without a heavy illini feel . 
they cooked excellent burgers and fries, and the teriyaki chicken sandwich was divine . 
the food was awesome too for bar food . 
they had a great chicken sandwich with french fries . 
add a tastey guiness to complete your meal ! 
they had had expanded so now there was more room to groove . 
when there was no sporting events . 
ohhhh the murphyburger, how i loved thee . 
extra pickles, please . 
go murphy's ! 
i still had dreams of wednesday lunch . 
however, it was not . 
the burgers were phenemonal, as were the bbq chicken . 
this was my favorite bar on campus . 
it was a solid pub where they served cheap and delicious beer . 
the food was decent, but not that great . 
what could really improved this place was better music . 
the jukebox was too susceptible to people with bad music tasted . 
pros-fairly good specials-relatively low amount of bros-greasy ass delicious food cons-seating was terrible on the weekends after_ num_-dirty looking, but not necessarily dirty . 
go there on a weeknight to get the optimal experience . 
honestly people didn't cared about the atmosphere, did they ? 
they just came for the booze . 
they served the typical junk food and it was very crowded during the weekends . 
they had a few specials too, so did checked those out . 
and i had had had some of their deliciously fried, greasey appetizers, too . 
food can actually was quite good, especially the kobe burger . 
the crispy, but greasy, fries slowly grew on me . 
the beer selection was way better than any other bar on campus . 
they now had some rogue ales, which was fantastic . 
the jukebox churns out more and more horrifying music as people became intoxicated . 
if you went here stuck with weekdays . 
on weekdays it was actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends . 
can got very very crowded and absolutely nothing irish about it . 
plus they had lots of seating for us lazies . 
and had good, knowledgeable bartenders . 
there was a wide selection of beers-over_ num_ i believed ? 
some of the stuff that came out of that thing... i didn't knew, man...= p the specials here was also pretty sweet-yay for logo glass night . 
overall, it was just a great campus bar to frequent anytime . 
good beer specials, including$_ num_ pints of point on fridays . 
the fries were thin and decent, but needed salt and ketchup . 
good soups in winter, including a deceptively good beer cheese soup . 
check it out . 
cheap beers, and irish nachos was awesome . 
a bar i spent a lot of time at . 
sometimes the jukebox led to very questionable music . 
this was the best bar on green street . 
i knew that was not saying much, but let me explained . 
the drinks were cheap and really strong . 
the staff was very accommodating and courteous . 
one caveat: they had the nastiest--nastiest bathroom . 
it was hideous . 
a year later and i still looooved this place . 
this was my favorite of all the campus bars hands down . 
they also loaded waffle fries that was awesome . 
nah, just kidding . 
but i was to my share of irish bars . 
i liked murphy's because it was low-key and they had good drink specials . 
the next thing i had had got to try here was the food . 
murphy's was the dive bar that we all kind of grew up on . 
they had decent burgers and a fair selection of beers . 
i headed to downtown champaign for the weekends . 
in addition, the food was delicious ! 
overall, this bar was chill and fun at the same time . 
i had med in! ) 
the jukebox had some interesting selections, and the music was usually good overall . 
well, it was an institution here at the u of i . 
you can got cheap brewskis and cheap burgers and neither was bad . 
it was usually crowded thursdays so i tried to keep away . 
as far as campus bars went, this was as good as it got . 
their beers on tap were great, especially for a campus bar . 
it was really fresh ! 
it was quality and fresh ! 
man oh manned these burgers were juicy and seculent . 
the turkey burger was well flavored and succulent . 
i loved their spacious bench seat tables . 
it was a cherished favorite . 
the location was great and the atmosphere was better than the other campus bars . 
is it the best bar in champaign-urbana ? 
the beers on tap were always good and remained pretty simple . 
they always had specials too, which was nice . 
i missed this place ! 
this was my choice for a beer and greasy pub-grub . 
i sincerely doubted it did anything about the disgusting sticky floors . 
much smaller than i remembered . 
i meant the place wasn't exactly set up like panera . 
i guessed it just depended on the crowd . 
it was generally quiet enough for that during the week . 
on weekends it was certainly busier and louder, but not unpalatable . 
if you were here for food, tried the irish nachos . 
i had med a fan of this place . 
murphy's pub really was a great college bar . 
the drink specials were quite good and the choices on tap were plentiful . 
food was good for bar food, definitely got the irish nachos sometime . 
there really wasn't anything irish about them, but they was delicious . 
fries were great ! 
they had great drink deals and good food too . 
i recommended trying the irish nachos . 
they had different specials everyday too . 
either way, that was a bit annoying, so struck two . 
the good news was their food was amazing . 
why did you had such stars ? 
folks, i highly advised you to pass this place up . 
i had nothing but the fondest memories of murphy's pub . 
a fun yet relaxing college night, murphy's was the place for you ! 
it was all good, but not really outstanding . 
sometimes it was great and there wasn't any problems . 
but if it was crowded things quickly went downhill from there . 
it was still good, but three stars seemed more appropriate than four . 
the food at murphys was solid . 
the best nights at murphy's were wednesdays and thursdays . 
my cabinets were full of awesome logo glasses thanks to murphy's . 
thursdays were phenomenal because it was$_ num_ pints . 
go out with a$_ num_ bill and you 'll had an awesome night . 
that simple, that was all you needed . 
they had great drink specials and amazing irish nachos ! 
this was definitely the best bar on campus, handed down . 
food was pretty good but sometimes its hit and missed . 
i had had had great irish nachos and i had had had terrible irish nachos there . 
service was terrible they was incredibly rude . 
still reaching for my wallet bartender looked at_ num_ dollar tab with no tip . 
3rd example usually the irish nachos was covered in toppings, most recent time hardly any . 
can i got some more toppings please i didn't got very much . 
guy looked at me like i just punched his mother . 
answers slowly`` yeah... i guessed i can '' . 
thank god i loved this place . 
and not all was bad, just most . 
good times with friends and cheap beers, and that was pretty much it . 
the irish nachos was good to order with two more people . 
however, the memories made the place and that ed pretty much how murphys survived . 
the one place where townies, undergrads and graduate students actually mingled . 
the food was pretty good for campustown; i liked the burgers and fries . 
what you went to murphys for was the beer . 
and it was not bad beer either . 
one of my favorite places to have a beer in champaign . 
irish nachos was a must if you were hungry ! 
this was the best bar on campus . 
i loved murphy's ! 
it had a great campus bar feel . 
a beer for everyone here because their draft list was extensive . 
nice to have a large group and sat down and shouted out conversations . 
and that was a good thing . 
murphy's kept things simple, cheap and fun . 
i loved watching drunk freshman shared the plate of irish nachos, absolutely hilarious . 
burgers were great, beers good enough for a campus bar . 
exactly what you expected . 
do you got the idea it was bad ? 
skip it and saved yourself a possible trip to the dentist . 
nice bar to grab food and a beer at . 
service from bartenders was mediocre . 
atmosphere was irish-feeling but felt kinda meh nice selection of beer and they had green line on tap ! 
they made you payed up front for your food . 
i had med glad it wasn't a problem . 
being saturday and plenty of college games on but just not happening here . 
let's went, i had had saw enough . 
a great place to have a good beer . 
some reviewers seemed not to like ordering at the bar . 
boo hooed it was not like a long walk . 
beer deals were decent and pub food was very standard . 
the bar was huge however, good to bring a big group . 
overall, i liked murphys . 
the loudspeaker announcements though were just really annoying . 
atmosphere: disgusting and not aesthetically pleasing . 
it smelt like dick cheese in here mixed with vomit and under dried towels . 
i did not understand how this bar continued to exist . 
they used gigantic glasses of mixer with a single standard shot . 
_ num_ fl oz for a shot was the next level of low . 
but_ num_ just leaved me speechless . 
standard shot, you guys, was_ num_ fl oz . 
that was basically spiked sprite . 
my point was, they had_ num_ drank craftsmanship . 
which was fine since apparently you were supposed to lower your standards on campus . 
food: food service was poor though the food was fairly good . 
i got it... if i was working all night i 'd got hungry too . 
oh man, this was a classic college dive bar . 
i can not vouch or reviewed the food as i did not partake . 
there was no servers . 
they then called your name over a pa system to the whole bar . 
all in all this place was a dive . 
if you wanted this type of thing, went for it ! 
five stars were probably due to some heavy nostalgia sentiment for me . 
beyond that, they had delicious burgers and fries . 
and it was a more layered back alternative to kam's or red lion . 
still a good memory of being where my first legal us drink was . 
food was exactly what would you expected from this place . 
but, for what it was ? 
it was a heart attack waiting to happen so didn't ordered it alone . 
it was like an irish-style pub, lots of dark furniture and seating areas . 
great bar for hanging out with colleagues . 
there still killing the irish nachos . 
the place was interesting and had a comfortable low key feel . 
they had_ num_ beers on tap as i recalled, pbr and high life . 
huber's 'pizza was way better . 
service was great, and friendly . 
i can definitely saw this as a place to go back to . 
the brass rail was what a dive bar should was . 
every time i had had came i had had enjoyed it . 
cheap hamn's (really, that was awesome) and pabst . 
they can made cheep frozen pizzas if you were really desperate for some food . 
the place was here forever, and it not was updated either . 
if that was your thing, this was right up your ally . 
the selection of alcohol was pretty good . 
why was i writing a review about my favorite bar ? 
oh shit... i ''ed med becoming part of the problem . 
the deal was the rail was the shit . 
and the owner wasn't trying to become some tycoon . 
he was a pretty sweet older dude . 
this was what rocks . 
the beers poured nicely . 
the booze was mighty fine . 
this was to keep things real . 
are you kinda chill, a bit outside the box ? 
stop in . 
are you a douche ? 
eh, you still deserved a shot of fireball... then leaved . 
the brass rail was a diaper . 
i always ended up being dragged here and i didn't knew why ! 
the beer selection& seating was virtually non existent . 
oh yeah, cash only and didn't expected much help from the bartender . 
and i loved that . 
the older i got, the less i wanted to deal with people . 
i was officially red from that 70s show . 
who didn't loved cheap beer ? 
i meant... . 
anyway, very few beer selections but who cared . 
you didn't went to the rail to be super snazzy . 
it was literally the epitome of the dive bar . 
so took it as it was and stopped complaining . 
you had had got your regulars and they was all amazing . 
in a skillet that can was gross . 
overall, i liked ! 
definitely a good brunch place for when you were really hungry ! 
not to mention filling . 
le peep was a solid breakfast/ brunch spot, especially for champaign . 
their menu had a nice variety, but nothing too exciting . 
this was central illinois, after all . 
those midwesterners loved their grease . 
sounds strange, but what a great idea to put granola in/ on pancakes ! 
have always had a good experience and their food was delicious ! 
they also made wonderful smoothies . 
their classic cubed potatoes were very very good . 
their gypsy plate was fantastic . 
however, there was things to improve on that needed attention . 
the dish said it was stuffed with seafood... a total lie . 
you can got it under$_ num_ at walmart ! 
it was reliable food, but nothing great or special . 
you can also got flavored coffee, though with a few less options . 
that was just what i got . 
le peep was mario from super mario bros._ num_ . 
that was why i never went back to le peep . 
i loved getting skillets for breakfast and the ultimate blt for lunch . 
it was pretty good, i had to say . 
their sausage was also much better . 
food was awesome ! 
french toast and peasant potatoes were delish ! 
didn't knew why this joint wasn't getting more love . 
put that hollandaise sauce on my eggs... . 
their menu was huge and everyone i was with enjoyed their food . 
the menu was extensive . 
i found the less things on the menu, the better the food . 
(concentrated your excellence, restaurants of the world! ) 
substitutions were not a part of the extensive menu . 
nothing special, but nothing to really complained about . 
being a chain le peep was a know quantity and reliable . 
wait staff was pretty good and friendly . 
what breakfast brunch place didn't had a wait on sundays anyways . 
definitely suggested this place for anyone in need of a good meal . 
that was when people went out for brunch ! 
the irish benedict was amazing . 
my brunch motto was: everything with hollandaise sauce, hollandaise sauce with everything . 
coffee was kept fresh and warm . 
the food quality was not that great . 
i personally got the eighteen wheeler-a lot for a good price . 
& i liked french toast . 
they had amazing pancakes and omelettes/ skillets . 
they served breakfast, brunch, and lunch . 
they didn't served dinner . 
not so many breakfast places in champaign so it was what it was . 
le peep wasn't that place . 
it fitted well in the category of mediocre breakfast restaurants in champaign . 
i had med still searching for an exceptional breakfast expericence . 
but breakfast was breakfast . 
waits on weekend after maybe_ num_ . 
cheese eggs were great ! 
i thought you were either a le peep groupie or you were not . 
i had med not . 
i 'll went there, and their food was alright, but nothing special . 
pancakes were average . 
service was quick and friendly though . 
it was a good find for breakfast in this small town . 
had a bit of a wait--went around 11 was on a weekend . 
great french toast, very filling and tasty . 
and long behold, this place did not disappoint . 
not many restaurants can did that . 
the best part about this place was probably the price . 
also, there was nothing french about their omelettes . 
in't tried the crepes so i can't gave my opinion . 
the eggs really needed the hollandaise which was so unhealthy . 
it was quite an alright breakfast place . 
it was just a regular pancake house with better food quality . 
i always ordered the blarney skillet with hollandaise sauce on the side . 
the hollandaise sauce was actually the highlight of my meal ! 
basically anything from the skillet section was amazing . 
expect~ 30 mins waited on sunday ! 
holy cow, they had excellent food ! 
my personal fav was the blarney skillet sans peppers and onions . 
it was the absolute bomb . 
wait staff was friendly . 
service was excellent . 
i was back, and incredibly happy to be back ! 
i wanted to like le peep, i really did . 
it just seemed every time i went, something wasn't right . 
this was one of the best breakfast places i had had ever was was to . 
their food was seriously yummy . 
but the concept was very interesting . 
it looked like a quaint kitchen, possibly decorated by your blind grandmother . 
looks weren't everything . 
they really knew how to make a good skillet . 
this was a solid low price breakfast place . 
i liked the mini omelets . 
this was one of my favorite weekend breakfast stopped . 
the food was always top notch . 
the eggs benedicted was one of the best i had had had in town . 
service was fast and friendly . 
you never felt rushed . 
but got there early, the place filled up fast and stayed busy ! 
the staff was overly friendly and brought a smile everytime ! 
food was was always delicious ! 
and they served food fast . 
however, i had had had additional health problems and identified more food allergies/ triggers . 
the potatoes were prepackaged and seasoned with onion powder . 
onions were identified as my biggest allergy . 
i knew with allergies/ food triggers, we can was annoying customers . 
the food was usually very good and the service was excellent . 
le peep was mine# wcw definitely a nice little breakfast place with delicious food . 
love having a water pitcher at the table . 
and brought several friends with me ! 
i had had never met a bad wait-staff or hostess here . 
also, grabbed a glass of the raw cider . 
it was intense . 
absolutely love le peep the staff was friendly, but i just expected better food for the price . 
the menu had a wide variety of breakfast foods . 
first impression: ho` dang that was a lot of food ! 
service was okay . 
overall, not great, but not a place that needed avoiding . 
great place to have breakfast . 
i loved cooking but once in a while i craved for breakfast in bed . 
i usually liked to decide my menu beforehand . 
but now since i went many times, i took a few . 
try the wanderer skillet ! 
la peep did everything right . 
they even offered you a coffee to take home when you leaved ! 
the waitstaff was always friendly, knowledgeable, and pleasant . 
people often said`` everything i had had ordered from here was good.  ''
well, everything i had had ever had at la peep was fantastic . 
the presentation was spotless . 
every plate was beautiful . 
they had had never messed up my eggs . 
basically, la peep was the perfect brunch spot . 
this place was awesome . 
this was my new favorite place in the cu area . 
this was the best pancakes that i ever had ! 
there breakfast was great, low price with tons of food, nice food . 
all was nice, especially the omelette, enough soft egg flavor . 
very good service and wonderful atmosphere this was the real deal-a little italy in itself . 
i loved the chicken capperi-the wine sauce was incredibly delicious . 
prices were good, food's good . 
all i wanted was fresh ingredients, toothsome pasta, and freshly-grated parmigiano-reggiano... ana's review was spot-on . 
only the fact that this place was so cheap kept it afloat . 
i loved manzella's ! 
in addition, the prices were very reasonable and the staff was really friendly ! 
i usually took at least 1/2 of it home for later . 
the pizza was awesome too ! 
the food and service was great and consistent ! 
:) ps: for those cold, snowy nights, they also delivered ! 
the portions were big but were slightly pricey . 
i looooooved this place ! 
very nice with a cute, homey, warm, dining room . 
love the ranch salad dressing ! 
everything on the menu was yummy . 
i usually got the cheese filled ravioli and they was superb ! 
i never had a bad meal or experience here . 
my boyfriend and i loved it . 
food was about what you 'd expected from a central illinois italian restaurant . 
the place smelt dirty . 
the decor was 70s kitschy, and that was okay . 
my family was coming here for years . 
i remembered having my little league banquet here when i was_ num_ or_ num_ . 
this place not was updated since the_ num_'s, and it showed . 
the service was fast and friendly . 
food came out quick as well . 
manicotti was bland, except for the overly sweet sauce . 
canned sardines, the pasta was probably not freshly made . 
saying all that, this place still had a special place in my heart . 
though i wished dom's was still open... got the italian beef sandwiched this place was ahh mazing ! 
the boy eddieed that worked there was so sweet and nice and cute . 
didn't knew if they had another menu for dinner . 
restaurantn't changed in more than thirty years and was very dated . 
the food was generally good, and service was average . 
all in all i didn't knew what we will ever went back . 
i was in hopes the owners eventually made me wanted to return . 
and i loved it . 
everything on the menu was delicious and the service was usually very good . 
the meatball sandwich was great too . 
ok, let's talked about the meal . 
that just wasn't possible!  ''
so then the bill came . 
sadly, none of that was true now . 
for that i gave them_ num_ stars . 
this was a very old-fashioned menswear store . 
they had regular sales on most or all of their items, including suits . 
i purchased items as gifts and my fiance bought some suits here . 
when it came to customer service, perhaps they needed a refresher course . 
they also had a small table of fair-trade coffees and chocolates . 
it was a cute little store with very unique items . 
as a result the prices were fairly high . 
cool stuff and helping the world was a cooler place, two thumbed up ! 
:) fair trade offerings made unique gifts . 
this was akin to grassroots in anchorage . 
around christmas, there was so many beautiful, handmade decorations . 
additionally, they treated female customers with respect . 
i can not recommend this business enough . 
great place to get a quick oil change . 
cool shop, too, as far as oil change places went:) got in, got out . 
i 'll definitely was back next time i had med due for an oil change . 
highly recommended ! 
great place to get a quick oil change . 
they was always friendly and always very quick with what you had them did . 
i had med pretty good at that game, so they was really quick . 
the manager was very knowledgeable and the stuff cleaned my car like new ! 
highly recommended ! 
i had had came here now_ num_ times . 
the service here was great . 
no bs they did what you asked and not try to up sold stuff . 
plus there was never a line and they was quick . 
dom's was around for years . 
dom's was far superior to many of the other italian restaurants in town . 
dom's closed ? 
you were killing me ! 
does anyone had their recipes ? 
oh, please . 
please excused me now while i gnashed my teeth and rent sackcloth . 
an old-school place that now closed . 
so kept an eye out for butitta's ! 
woo ! 
they had beautiful arrangements at fair prices . 
hours were 9-5 m, w-sat . 
now we was married . 
this shop was closed . 
so it was a draw . 
it was weird . 
even though no one else liked this place . 
i had med a big fan ! 
can we said cheap but super yummy mojitos ? 
how awesome was that ? 
barfly made no sense . 
i meant, who were you trying to attract ? 
are you trying to get the pseudo-cosmopolitan crowd that drank classy martinis ? 
the townies trying to look elegant ? 
the drinks were great . 
it was closed ! 
thank goodness ! 
gallo miller's people was friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful . 
better still, their work was excellent . 
and my car looked like new . 
they was booked several weeks out, but worth the wait if you can . 
it was obvious that they really cared about the customer, how refreshing ! 
super fast considering they replaced the whole passenger side of my car... great job, and thanked you gallo-miller . 
that was what i wanted, and it was what they delivered . 
as was, that there burger was lethal, my friend . 
please . 
i had had never ate at hardee's . 
i had had was to hardee's twice . 
i had had was avoiding it ever since . 
boyfriend finished eating basically as soon as i sat down . 
this was normal . 
friend b finished her meal . 
by now it was was ten minutes . 
i checked my receipt . 
it was was fifteen minutes . 
my friends needed to get back to work . 
i flagged down the next passing employee, who happened to be the manager . 
i asked him what happened to my food . 
manager disappeared, came back three or so minutes later . 
i told him to cancel my order and gave me a refund . 
i really loved the taco bell on neil . 
aside from not having any dressing the salad itself was warm . 
i preferred a crisp cold salad like most people . 
however, the ring of onion on it was very hot . 
this hardee's always had nice staff well whenever i was there . 
from my vantage point i questioned the cleanliness of this restaurant . 
thank you . 
sign up online for coupon i.e.e free drink/ fries with thickburger purchase_ num_ . 
download the app to earn points toward free food their chicken tenders were off the hook . 
i only drove through and i had had found the service to be consistently good . 
nope just to lazy to change it . 
that also had only one car... this was a litltle after_ num_ pm . 
i liked that they fries was cut unpeeled . 
but i still loved it . 
and i always got sad because it was so gross in there . 
none of these other reviews did justice to this bar . 
this was the best spot in downtown champaign overall . 
blind pig had more character and better drinks . 
but historically, mike murphy had the goods . 
the place was not filthy, it was just not clean . 
it was not meant to be clean . 
this place was grand . 
(what was on then anyway ? 
curling? ) 
makes up for the cheap beer, i guessed . 
nothing beat it on a summer night with a group of friends . 
mike& molly's was my home base in champaign . 
and then there was the music . 
the beer prices were on the wall, so they stayed the same . 
it meant someone was adding a little extra on for themselves . 
they drink specials sunday-thursday, but none for the weekends . 
the place had a good dive feel, dark but not terribly seedy . 
the other bars in town smell better and had a good enough selection . 
even if the improv hadn't rocked, there was still karaoke after ! 
what was not to like ? 
all in all, it was a solid place for sure . 
the atmosphere was casual and vey relaxed . 
great hang . 
it was a nice, comfortable, homey kind of bar . 
monday nights they had karaoke, which can also was a great time . 
they had an epically awesome beer garden in the summer . 
sometimes, they had live music upstairs which was hit or missed . 
they had a lot to offer ! 
check this place out . 
prices were good and there was an excellent scotch/ whisky selection as well . 
your mileage may varied depending on how much you liked local music . 
it was strange and offputting and also made the place reek of desperation . 
the specials were quite cheap between sunday and wednesday . 
my only gripe was that the beer garden could used better lighting . 
mike n molly was had an excellent beer selection, an excellent whiskey selection . 
it was perfect for coming in really any (or every? ) 
their beer garden was excellent . 
sometimes a dance party happened . 
free admission on mondays, because it was karaoke night . 
(no, that did not mean i drank too much. ) 
they usually had some live music a few times during the week . 
the beer and service was good . 
quality was not bad . 
there was a handful of taps . 
things rotated, but i found port, founders, goose island etc . 
overall a nice place to relax and had some good beers with friends . 
this was one of those places that i wished i went to more often . 
this was a great spot for spring and summer . 
this was my go to place, i loved it here . 
mondays and tuesdays were my favorite, comedy and kareoke night whoo whoo ! 
huge beer garden, they held lots of shows out there in the summer . 
they also had really awesome djs . 
devon was a really fun bartender, lots of spunk . 
the drinks were cheap anyway ! 
the same beers just up the road in chicago were 8-9 bucks ! 
keep up the good work mike n molly's ! 
this place was ideal in the summer when there was outdoor shows . 
they also had a decent selection of beer and liquor . 
they didn't served food which can was annoying for an early evening show . 
they also had some fresh, ready-to-ate items like salads, samosas and baklava . 
they was pretty similar to the other international food store . 
i usually just visited whichever one was least out of my way . 
this was the smaller of the two, with overall a slightly smaller selection . 
also, there was weekly sales (saturdays i believed) on their cheeses . 
i really missed euro mart . 
they did the whole massage, filing, cuticle trimming, etc . 
their polish selection was basically limited to opi . 
this place was totally overpriced, and they was sloppy . 
also, the massage chairs sucked . 
i was to millennium nails several times . 
never went here ! 
they was rude and did a horrible job . 
it was jagged and a different color and it looked terrible . 
my right hand nails were longer than the left . 
i said, i liked it just the way they was (rounded) . 
it was aggravating but it was a first world problem, right ? 
i had med didn't giving this place a chance . 
they did not sterilize the tools between customer uses . 
if you went to this place you were going to get an infectious disease . 
i had had was going here for_ num_ years ! 
they was great . 
i loved them and highly recommended them . 
this place was completely shady and horrible . 
my friend's experience was what really baffled me though . 
all in all, a worthless place to go and got your mood spoilt ! 
save your money . 
go somewhere else . 
elegant nails on south neil had the same prices with superior services . 
the sandwiches and burgers were very heavy and caloric . 
beer and wine selection was not huge . 
the food was pretty good too ! 
low-key place that was good for drinks or a meal . 
bartender and servers was late-20s age and very charming . 
that went for all dishes, actually . 
this place had killer nachos, and usually pretty good servers . 
lots of eye candy abounded . 
my usual place to watch sports . 
former coke bottling plant building in town, tastefully redone . 
i had more tattoos now, but my first was still my favorite . 
the color held up nicely over almost_ num_ years . 
they hosted good music concerts, and david sedaris appeared . 
older theatre but it still did the job ! 
oh waited... that did seemed kinda like a bromance/ man-date . 
a 150-foot screen that showed classic films monthly in their original frame size . 
they had great concessions, cheap tickets, and an original wurlitzer organ . 
really fun theater to go to . 
lovely old theater--so glad it was was restored and maintained ! 
the staff was always courteous and helpful . 
a variety of shows was sure to please all types of community members ! 
a nust saw ! 
i was not always a big fan of arirang . 
somehow i found that their food was kinda bland . 
but surprisingly there was lots of koreans eating at this place . 
oh well, i was not korean . 
what did i knew ? 
=) i had med a huge fan of the combination bulgogi plate . 
i had med getting hungry for some right now . 
too bad i had med two hours away...* sigh* the food's decent, but i had had never was impressed by this place . 
i saw this was a trend with the korean restaurants in campus town . 
so first things first, they didn't accepted cash . 
my, we needed to get with the times people . 
so i ordered one of the specials, which was tofu soup and fish . 
so yeah, the food was okay, not too bad . 
i didn't knew . 
maybe there wasn't too many korean restaurants around here ? 
a-ok-three stars-seemed about right . 
`` a-ri-rang ''was the most popular and best-knew korean folk song . 
a-ri-rang was an ancient native korean word with no modern meaning . 
` ari 'meant`` beautiful '';` rang 'can meant`` deared '' . 
he always had the tv blaring on headline news . 
but the food was good, maybe the best korean on campus . 
this was no small feat in a university town hosting_ num_ native koreans . 
when i had med on campus, this was where i liked to eat . 
if you wanted korean soup or fried rice, went here . 
this was a low key campus joint so what did you expected ? 
food was pretty good, though rather pricey for a campustown restaurant in my opinion very good soup and fish dishes . 
each place had their own specialties . 
i loved getting the bibimbap and bulgogi from here . 
in my opinion, the soon du bu didn't had much flavor . 
l i gave it_ num_ stars because of what i got for the price . 
every dish came with at least_ num_ side dishes of kimchi . 
try the bulgogi dishes and the budae jigae . 
also tried the omu rice . 
it was their version of omelet fried rice . 
in fact, what did you expected at a no-waiter restaurant ? 
you didn't had to pay tips already . 
cheap and hit the spot . 
i thought it was one of the most affordable korean restaurants on campus . 
for a college kid, it was a huge win . 
i thought the omu rice here was pretty clutched too . 
it depended what dish you ordered . 
i personally recommended soup#_ num_ budae-jigae . 
and the fried fish was also good . 
this was my korean staple on campus . 
i always got the budae jjigae . 
be warned, it was huge . 
they made great kimchi as well, especially the potato variety . 
give it a try and fell in love with the spicy soups . 
the boss trying to sell me something they wanted to sell, which sucked . 
and the food was very low quality in all the korean restaurant . 
i had . 
looking for korean food ? 
want budaejigae ? 
the market itself was a war zone . 
every day, there was always a lunch special going on . 
and it was most definitely worth every penny ! 
i adored the budaejigae here ! 
if you must ordered something, got that . 
you can also chose the level of spiciness of the broth . 
they had a nice laminated menu at the desk to chose your entree . 
prices went up according to my wife since she was in college . 
food was decent . 
serving time was mediocre at best . 
price was somewhat higher than expected . 
daily special number_ num_ was the way to go ! 
it came with half a mackerel, and a decent bowl of tofu soup . 
the mackerel can was dry at times though . 
the kimchi jjigae had a large portion and tasted good too . 
the food here was reasonably priced with a large portion . 
waiting time was a little big long--it often took more than_ num_ minutes i tried out their bibimbap and it was fairly average . 
not much else to say here . 
the food was fairly average, it was not that great . 
the owner was very nice and the place was fairly clean . 
chances were, the fine folks at natural gourmet can helped you out . 
located just west of biaggi's, natural gourmet was easy to find . 
she was amazing ! 
they also had an amazing selection of food items, particularly baking supplies. ) 
no place was perfect, and ng did had a few cons . 
produce selection was very limited, to the point of being almost nonexistent . 
this was my go-to place for organic and pastured meats . 
i liked the noodle souped especially . 
the mussleman curry chicken with egg was a must tried . 
the flavor was outstanding . 
i had med hooked ! 
if you can handled the spice did tried the basil beef too ! 
help, i had med addicted . 
go out and supported this wonderful locally owned business . 
they knew their supplements and food in and out . 
they carried the best brands in the industry . 
hmmm what to say about this chevy's . 
so, not good for the tipping there . 
if you wanted to sit in the bar you can went right ahead . 
i had had was craving another one ever since we went ! 
looking forward to going back . 
all the way through, chevys was a delicious meal . 
the entrees were great . 
anything was good, but in particular, i wanted to recommend the flautas . 
also, made sure you got the yellow corn stuff . 
but, it was delicious . 
you needed it . 
i didn't cared that this was a chain . 
all of the menu items i had had tried there was amazing . 
it was always friendly service, and they was very accommodating . 
the prices were good as well . 
never had a restaurant left more of an impression on me . 
i was talking the pasty orange processed shit, punned fucking intended . 
that was_ num_ cents an ounce . 
apparently`` smothered ''burritos actually meant fucking coated with nacho cheese . 
you can told i really hated this shit . 
let's moved on . 
not joking . 
i thought . 
i didn't blamed him . 
i came for the corn cake . 
it was good, but, like, ok good . 
that sauce was awesome . 
they also had a tortilla maker as well . 
well, where to begin... . 
yuck, this place really went down hill . 
business was closed as of the end of november_ num_ . 
this place was closed, and for good reason . 
you kind of had to treat legends this way, like a fresh puppy . 
it was a science and they had the titration juuuuust right . 
the fries were awesome too . 
good university crowd to go along with all the university memorabelia on the walls . 
surprisingly, this was more than the college bar . 
the food was served fresh and fast, and the prices were moderate . 
drinks/ food was pretty cheap . 
thinking about legends brought back so many college memories... tear . 
it was always wheel chair accessible which was great . 
there was few places on campus that was . 
it was a big yawning space, with marginal food and service . 
guess i was old school on this one . 
go illini ! 
i hoped they still had magic hat on tap . 
yet another sports bar that was on campus . 
didn't got the mushroom soup here even though it sounded awesome ! 
honestly, this was the same as most any other bar . 
good place to get a table and hung out . 
an extra star because they sold playing cards for a buck . 
solid sports bar i thought . 
the employees always were very nice . 
the portion was huge also ! 
i was a legends fan . 
thursday thru saturday they had a dj so you can made requests and such . 
i just wished their kitchen was open later . 
legends had food ? 
how came i did not know this ? 
they made a fabulous sex on the beach . 
the drink prices were reasonable . 
the noise level was tolerable . 
the large area did made it enjoyable for happy hours though . 
the drink prices were reasonable for campus and amazing when compared to chicago . 
their half off appetizer deal on fridays was pretty sweet too . 
love it loved it . 
i had had had many a fun night here . 
food-taco salad, how i loved thee . 
in't found a taco salad in the city that compared . 
it was huge and actually had a lot of lettuce ! 
i wanted to like legends more . 
however, the hamburgers were a bit weak . 
also i didn't thought the burgers came with fries . 
i was nothing if not magnanimous . 
never any cover, legends were always crowded on weekend nights . 
it was like getting your scrotum caught while zipping up your fly . 
it was like watching schindler's list during a bachelor party . 
it was like clogging the toilet at your girlfriend's parent's house . 
be careful what you asked for at this popular campus town location . 
didn't went to legends to drink . 
we tried and went there for the best fish sandwich in town ! 
be sure and ordered the beer batter onion rings also . 
a pay parking lot was right next door . 
i had med seriously confused . 
do some of the idiots reviewing legends knew which bar was actually legends ? 
i med a regular there and was for the past year and a half . 
they had had never had_ num_ dollar long islands esp not on thursdays . 
oh and their fish sandwich was great . 
i was a big fan of the stepnpull in the women's bathroom . 
it was always hard to get the attention of the bartenders . 
beer wasn't great and it was relatively expensive for what it was . 
they also had a terrible patio in the back . 
on top of that the food wasn't really very good . 
so it failed at being a bar and sports bar . 
it was a bar-bar food, beer, booths and stools . 
the food was actually quite good . 
not to mention the utter lack of life on a friday night . 
do so . 
i ca nt stood this bar . 
it took forever to get a drink . 
they only poured beer ! 
i wanted to punch that guy so bad . 
i was so glad me and my friends didn't went here often . 
i strongly suggested pickingmurphys over this abomination of terrible service . 
never went here . 
the patio was a decent size and appealing when it was nice out . 
the prices were about campus average and the tap selection sucks . 
definitely my go-to if i felt like drinking on campus without being heavily annoyed . 
strawberry was the best` flavorita ' . 
i can not comprehend how their burgers were ever voted best in champaign . 
i had had never saw so many polo shirts and khakis in one venue . 
the big pro was the location in campus town . 
the big con was the food . 
the cheeseburger at legends was a typical bar-style burger . 
on the other hand, it was still a college bar . 
but it was my favorite and thus_ num_ stars . 
and, i had to say, the beer selection's pretty good actually . 
but you really went to legends for the atmosphere . 
their food was actually pretty decent . 
not overly amazing but pretty good as far as bar food went . 
go early . 
this was def a day drinking bar . 
i had med tore about legends . 
beer selection was okay, though . 
it was my favorite bar on campus . 
however, the service was horrible lately . 
my personal choice of burger was the works burger . 
it was not great, but still better than burgers from joes or murphys . 
well i can't remembered but i had med sure there was plenty . 
their loaded fries were bomb and the fish sandwiches were definitely worth the waits . 
it really seemed like they had everything here . 
they did hooked deals from time to time which was a nice touch . 
their burgers were also really enjoyable . 
the burgers and fries here were actually very good . 
and the loaded fries were always a good idea . 
the nachos was worth it too ! 
way to go legends looking for a spot to eat on my weekend adventure in champaign . 
it was a very spacious bar with tables along the walls . 
i wished i would ordered two of them it was so good . 
why five stars you asked ? 
and why reviewed a hooters in champaign when i lived in chicago ? 
hooters also leaved the`` tips ''on its wings too . 
i didn't recommended anyone went to the champaign hooters . 
instead, went to buffalo wild wings-waaaaay better ! 
only drawback was the price, they was pretty expensive . 
plus they was easy on the eyes . 
i loved hooters ! 
everything tasted fine, just missing some texture . 
even jued finding this place (located behind hardee's) was difficult . 
it was as if hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business . 
;) only 3* for mediocre-ism food was just like other sports bars . 
not a fan of the wings i had med a woman so i can't went higher than a_ num_... . 
set up was a little awkward . 
better wings than i had had had at other hooters . 
one of the better hooters i was to in the midwest ! 
hooters wings were the same wherever you went . 
they was not realising that how bad they was . 
i loved the wings and he loved the grilled cheese ! 
we always had a blast when we visited ! 
all of the waitresses we was wonderful . 
thank you ! 
you can told he was very knowledgeable and experienced . 
his prices were also very reasonable . 
also, he was located in suite_ num_, not_ num_ . 
our appointment was at 3:30 and i can't waited . 
quality: glenn was fantastic in what he did . 
price: the deals offered were great, especially if you were a student . 
i felt like i was receiving my money's worth every time . 
he put on some very soothing spa music that really accentuated the mood . 
glenn was super professional and did everything to accommodate his clients . 
the massage was great . 
very relaxing ! 
glenn had the magic touch to make all the pains disappeared ! 
glenn had a lot of training and experience . 
he offered a variety of different kinds of massages and therapy . 
i definitely recommended this restaurant . 
what a let down ! 
so many lovely memories of going here twice a week (at least! ) 
excellent owners and staff with a very inviting and unique environment . 
she remembered all of their names, and greets and hugged their kids too . 
this place was great . 
not only that, but they was very accommodating . 
this place was great . 
goooo heeeeereee om nom nom... the first difficulty i had with peking garden was ordering . 
they did not have a website and it was not easily found online . 
i realized that the standards for chinese food in this town were extreeeemely low . 
i had had never had such a horrible and disgusting excuse for fried rice . 
effing gross . 
i loved spicy food . 
we didn't even went there that often ! 
what else was there to say ? 
we was pretty sure it was from the egg drop soup . 
i had had never dined in, only carryout . 
just walked on over and i had a bag full of delicious warm food . 
i wo nt was going back ! 
i came here for lunch occasionally, and the food was pretty decent . 
what a great memory and way to connect with your customers ! 
the general tso's was pretty good, although not outstanding . 
it was pretty much a party in your mouth . 
and the delivery service was great . 
i had med definitely coming back . 
i had delivery from peking garden a few times . 
it was life sustaining, but not much beyond that . 
the portions were huge... was advised ! 
it reminded me of the many neighborhood chinese places all up and down manhattan . 
this place offered solid authentic chinese food . 
i wished i could rated_ num_ stars . 
i was a regular of this place since_ num_ . 
but man, these people can cooked ! 
reminds me of chinatown in chicago il happy times ! 
ok yes, it was a little shady . 
but hot damn was it my guilty pleasure . 
drinks were totally from_ num_'s . 
this was our favorite chinese place in town . 
we recommended this highly . 
the good:-their egg rolls was very good too . 
we had had was there couple of times . 
great soups and loved the steamed dumplings . 
give it a try . 
i had med a regular there for lunch . 
they was friendly and served good food . 
the lunch menu was also very affordable . 
it was just a lot of extra food i didn't needed . 
i had had never was disappointed . 
delicious chinese food in a town where there was a lot of competition . 
the orange beef and chili chicken was both excellent dishes . 
definitely needed to be cleaned though, the restaurant was dirty . 
two small complaints i had were the soy sauce and fortune cookies . 
servings were small compared to other chinese restaurants . 
-super nice service-good food-good portions-good variety-good for groups-interior of the store were cozy, clean, and well did cons:-food can was oily, but to be honest those particular dishes were oily anywhere-the americanized dishes weren't that good in my opinion not that big of an issue . 
i worked downtown so this was my goto asian lunch spot . 
also, the owners and staff was very friendly . 
3/5 i had had grew tired of these cookie cutter chinese takeout places . 
peking garden was a throwback to how i remembered real chinese food . 
love the food here ! 
i loved trying new things and i lived nearby . 
so far every choice was a great success ! 
try their eggplant (yes, eggplant) dish . 
our went-to, favorite place to have chinese food ! 
the spicy chicken [#_ num_] was a must-tried ! 
the owners were vert nice too . 
potstickers-got them . 
i had med there ! 
daily specials were good too . 
things i had had tried: all of the daily specials-all tasty and what you 'd expected . 
the pitas were grilled instead of just warmed . 
to top it off, the owner was a nice guy . 
now that was good service:) delicious hot dogs . 
the only place i 'd liked to have hot dogs were in here ! 
and yeah, you can got a glimpse of cnn headlines while there . 
but you had to clean after yourself . 
it had everything from frozen cheesecake on a stick to tamales to gyros . 
this place was great-the owner was the nicest guy as well . 
my favorites were the vienna footlong and italian . 
the polish was really mediocre though . 
the fries were the best part . 
the owner may seemed meant, but he was one cool guy . 
he only accepted visa or mastercard . 
and even then, there was a_ num_ cent charge . 
ask for extra sport peppers ! 
it sounded like people was upset because of no sesame seed buns . 
they had had also switched peppers . 
be aware if you didn't wanted any kick ! 
fries were freaking awesome as always, hot and crisp . 
he ran a great place with pride that many eateries lacked . 
it was the perfect lunch place . 
especially if you were tired of the overpriced crap in the union's basement . 
btw, the owner always was nice to me... a reasonable place for decent food at a cheap price . 
something about the ambiance of the place put me off though . 
i had med always amused by the cast of characters who worked at wonderdogs . 
i effing love wonderdogs . 
on top of that, the food was fast, cheap, and delicious . 
thanks wonderdogs, for putting up with ridiculous, hungry graduate students . 
:) was that ok?  ''
so kudos to him for being accomodating . 
and they asked you to have a seat and walked it out to you . 
the pita was crispy and oily . 
i liked the collection of frocks and outerweared . 
also the accessories were fun . 
and the vintage frames were great ! 
a surprising amount of my wardrobe favorites was from dandelion . 
(that i missed dearly! ) 
the best thrift store i had had was to outside a major city . 
i rarely leaved without finding something i loved (and had to have! ) 
eighties blouses were true polyester eighties blouses . 
there was obscure labels and strange finds . 
there was boots to match in the corner, you knew . 
no wonder they had had was around so long . 
standouts: red corduroy flares that fitted like a glove . 
the prices for sell/ trade were fair . 
however, i found hipster douchebags amusing, not annoying . 
i had about_ num_ pair from there . 
luckily, dandelion also dressing rooms, unlike some used clothing shops . 
i didn't knew i just wasn't that impressed . 
maybe it was hit or missed ? 
i loved stopping by here once every one or two weeks . 
they always seemed to get in new finds . 
(i was a goodwill pro, too) . 
there was a good mix of truly vintage and newer items as well . 
this place was filled with awesome fun old things ! 
and it was even clean ! 
it smelt nice, they had the incense i liked . 
their hours were more reasonable than carrie's . 
what i didn't liked: their organization . 
organizing by color... why ? 
some of their clothes was literally falling apart and still marked at full price . 
i had med a thrift-store dweller . 
worth noting: they had better hours than most vintage shops or thrift stores . 
they was just doing their thing, guys . 
tumble inn, stumbled out . 
the outdoor area was a plus too . 
this bar was nothing short of amazing . 
everyone i had had ever introduced to this bar loved it ! 
it was close enough to campus apartments to walk there and stumbled home . 
everyone here was super friendly, and it was a nice in-between campus/ downtown spot . 
the bartenders (chester especially) were great and the company was good . 
a timeless gathering place was their mantra, and oh so true . 
ti was an unbelievable dive bar . 
i loved to hang out there especially at the end of the night . 
my sister, wife and illini niece loved it ! 
next year i had med setting the golden tee record ! 
though that was just my picky tastes . 
that was best as i can put it . 
didn't forgot that everyone stumbled out for good reason... my favorite bar, handed down, in the c-u area . 
no frills or thrills, just a great place to hang out . 
we had so much fun when we visited . 
it was a great place to hang with friends and watched a game . 
in addition, laser did not have any effect on white hair at all . 
the office was nice and very clean . 
you mileage may varied . 
bob evan's in champaign il was very good . 
give that one a try . 
the facility was immaculate, and the environment matched as well . 
this bob evans were a hidden gem in this little town . 
a solid breakfast choice if you were in the area . 
sometimes, you just wanted breakfast . 
i got that . 
the pancakes were pretty good, but they was huge . 
i can barely finished half of them even when i had med really hungry . 
everything i had had tried was pretty good, though nothing outstanding . 
cleanest kitchen i ever saw ! 
love the fresh dinner rolls and the orange juice . 
i always liked the meatloaf, mashed potatoes and green beans . 
it was just ok . 
how was this place empty ? 
if you didn't wanted to wait in line this was the place . 
i highly recommended giving it a shot . 
this particular establishment similar layed out as all others . 
banana bread was great ! 
everything else ranged from okay to awful . 
champaign public library didn't held a candle to the urbana free library . 
either way, the two libraries were on the lincoln trail system . 
it was truly wonderful . 
unless you were looking for brand spankin 'new releases . 
at the cpl, you can rented a dvd for$_ num_ . 
keep it for an entire week . 
when i moved, i had med going to miss the free dvd rentals . 
tip: was careful where you parked . 
most of the spaces was tiny and jam-packed with cars inches from one another . 
this was the fanciest library i had had ever saw ! 
my favorite things about this library were:-plenty of seating . 
there was even quiet rooms if you needed the extra silence . 
i had med still trying to get him interested in the actual books though . 
they also had story time in a separate room there . 
the rainbow lights of the librarian's desk also entertained my son . 
i had had never saw anything like it . 
you didn't had to park or got out of your car . 
i had med in this library as i typed . 
it was the fourth time since it was was remodeled . 
plenty of large tables to get down and dirty with calculus on . 
there was a cafe . 
the audio visual rental selection was quite large too . 
here was a review . 
the building was so cool and modern inside . 
the instructors were so talented . 
they sung and read books to our babies . 
they also brought toys for them to play with . 
my little girl loved it ! 
and loved to be with the other babies as well . 
this library was amazing ! 
the kids area was awesome ! 
their media section was also huge . 
check out was fast and easy with the`` self checkout ''stations . 
it was the best library i ever was to-seriously . 
it was a beautiful building with plenty of space and friendly staff . 
i just had to prove i lived here... hm... i absolutely loved this library . 
no doubt they was one of top_ num_ libraries in the country . 
looks aside, the library was filled with everything a bibliophile could hoped for . 
computer terminals at all the right places for catalog searching . 
huge tables and quiet areas for studying and researching . 
a small cafe downstairs to supply a book's best companion-coffee . 
great place to pick up movies and books and relaxed . 
it was nice to get off campus and saw`` real people '' . 
one drawback was noise level . 
loud cellphone conversations were as common here as anywhere . 
this place was the worst . 
to excite people about reading and gave free access to all . 
also, they had a rather fantastic collection of cds . 
big tables were great for spreading out . 
also: wifi was free, but only if you had a library card . 
not sure how it worked if you did not have a library card . 
i loved the library . 
-tons of window light-cafe with tasty treats and lattes-free wifi-lots of table space-great book selection-lots of dvds/ bds other towns residents can also used the library with some restrictions . 
in summary, a place to go for everyone, rich or poor . 
sure the building was somewhat pretty . 
however, that didn't made up for the rude service . 
they was constantly hovering around groups . 
the library was slowly losing it's funding and not making much profit . 
i now understood why . 
this was a wonderful library ! 
i loved that you can rented dvds and cds for free . 
the employees were always very helpful and informative . 
let me listed them here_ num_ . 
it was super easy to get a card . 
you hopped on a computer and put in your information to obtain a card . 
electronic resource galore: they had zinio, hoopla for online movies and cd rentalled_ num_ . 
computer stations everywhere and in the kids section they allowed video games to be played_ num_ . 
large library catalog, you can found likely anything here_ nummed_ . 
i had had was a loyal cpl goer for many years . 
the library had so many benefits for families and individuals . 
the children's book selection was enormous . 
the checkout was a breeze with the electronic tags found in every book . 
there was always was someone there to ask questions if needed . 
they was rude to their customers and acted way more important than they was . 
the gentleman that worked on the children's department was amazing . 
my 4yo daughter loved when he did story time . 
the reading programs kept my daughter wanting to come back every week . 
prices on-campus were comparable to the rest of campus properties . 
_ num_ cats was ok in most places, no dogs . 
slow to plow parking lots, but perpetually mow in the summer . 
washers and dryers in the complex sometimes worked, usually did not . 
also, outside and inside lights was quite frequently not working . 
you ended up with pitch-dark hallways and cul-de-sacs . 
apartment showings-_ num_ days a week people walked through your place . 
i agreed with jenna m.-barr real estate was terrible ! 
what i had a beef with was their assessment of cleaning upon moving out . 
that was outrageous and appalling . 
here was my experience from moving out of a barr apartment . 
before moving out they gave you a move out checklist . 
in my google web albums, please decided for yourself . 
this was not an uncommon example, as you can saw from other reviews . 
authuser= 0& feat= directlink mcelroy was phenomenal . 
didn't recommended the shorter chick, though . 
dr. dust may was the most compassionate vet i had had ever met . 
we now saw drs . 
i had had was taking my cat here for many years . 
he saw dr. dust and i had had was incredibly happy with my visits here . 
their prices were probably on the high end, but not unreasonable . 
dr. dust and the rest of the staff was all wonderful . 
parking was easy and the location was terrific . 
:) this was the best clinic i used . 
seems like you can't went wrong with any of the vets here . 
thank you for not steering me wrong yelpers ! 
dr. rhodes were awesome . 
we found our forever vet ! 
i took my cat and my dog here . 
the staff was really great with them . 
bleeding gums, too skinny, tore pads, and whip worm . 
the staff was really nice . 
even the cats liked them . 
i highly recommended them . 
love this clinic and what they stood for ! 
thank you ! 
he was now eating a wet food that he loved . 
this cat mama was very appreciative of you, dr. mcelroyed ! 
after my first experience, i agreed . 
for new clients, they provided a totally free check-up . 
this didn't included vaccinations or anything . 
i had med grateful to yelp for steering me towards vca . 
they was very warm and thoughtful . 
i loved coming to this clinic ! 
everyone was always very nice and helpful . 
i took my cat to dr. mcelroyed and she was great . 
i continued to bring my pet here for all his health care needed ! 
we had had was taking our new dogs there ever since . 
i loved vca ! 
they was always helpful and took extremely good care of my dog . 
my dog liked all of the vet techs and especially loved dred dust ! 
did not go there ! 
three words don; t went here ! 
i thought i was his first client . 
i was very disappointed in the pedicure i received today . 
i was positive that i will never was back to this place . 
they always did a great job on my eyebrows ! 
i never went anywhere else ! 
ask for phien, she was the best ! 
she was also very friendly ! 
i had no problem recommending this to my friends . 
how i missed it . 
i was a fan ! 
my one complaint was the parking situation . 
sorry...), and the highdive did not have its own lot . 
there was no un-metered spots for miles . 
this place was decent . 
the layout was very strange . 
it seemed like an old restaurant with a stage in it . 
is it like going to the metro in chicago ? 
is it like going to the orpheum in madison ? 
it was a very tolerable and enjoyable venue . 
i had had never was here for a show... well, let me clarified . 
things usually devolved into a shit show . 
very intimate venue to see your fave bands played with good food and libations . 
if you were coming to a show, got there early to snag seating . 
folks, this was your quintessential small town concert venue . 
i liked it . 
the view and sound was fantastic . 
worst bar i had had ever was too . 
pay$_ num_ dollars for cover and expected a complete waste of your money . 
cash was preferred, but i did believed they took debit/ credit . 
there was a few tables as well as the bar to sit at . 
there was a great stage for viewing the acts . 
there was a bartender here with impressive mixology skils ! 
this was a lovely venue . 
it was a great location in downtown champaign . 
this was what i would called a sweet book shop . 
well it was . 
i always found something unique when i shopped here . 
a great place to explore, and a real hid treasure of champaign-urbana . 
this was one of my favorite places in cu . 
there was so many treasures to find here . 
sometimes you had to dig a bit but it was well worth it . 
it was now under new ownership but had no fear ! 
they had had already did a great job . 
not sure they was there yet but they was trying . 
a total steal ! 
as a total bookworm, let me just said that i adored this place . 
upstairs was a maze of tiny rooms, each devoted to their own subject . 
the staff was great . 
the inventory was mind-blowing, and it was locally-owned ! 
i had med a former literature professor with broad tastes in reading . 
jane addams satisfied them . 
didn't expected bargain prices . 
the prices were often good, but not exceptionally good . 
the new owners were much more welcoming, and now i went regularly again . 
they knew their stock and was glad to help you looked for something . 
but, really, browsing was the best part of the experience . 
there was a great feel here, with books piled everywhere . 
there was three stories of books in all genres . 
i found great gifts here as well as stuff i wanted to read . 
they had a giant selection . 
i loved this treasure . 
jane adams had a wildly big selection of unique books . 
the only problem i ever if going in and deciding on just a couple my favorite book store in the area . 
i loved how spacious the location was, with it was three floors . 
you can got a lot of in-store credit for what you had . 
definitely something i took advantage of over the years . 
i loved this little bookstore in champaign ! 
here was the deets: everything . 
i liked big books and i can not lie . 
loving it ! 
for a small town like chambana, this was pretty good . 
oh, did i told you they had a carousel too ? 
this was one of the better malls in this area . 
they had a variety of stores for men, women, and kids . 
there was no empty stores and it did got busy at the mall . 
they had a great steak and potato company which closed in springfield years ago . 
i liked all the speciality stores that was here . 
the food court was okay . 
the carousel was real cool looking . 
i had med afraid my_ num_ year old got hurt ! 
food court wasn't that great . 
list of stores: http:// www.marketplacemall.com/directory stayed away from the children's place ! 
landmark review: there was not too many amenities compared to the other malls . 
free kids played area a pretty plain regular mall just like the other thousands . 
nice mall great stores and food court but they needed more seating for people . 
my favorite was macy's and white house black market . 
didn't made eye contact was the best bet . 
the food court was pretty cool too . 
they had a carasoul and some of the places handed out free samples . 
this mall really went downhill in the past few years . 
it seemed as though no stores can survived there . 
if a hollister can't survived i had med not sure what can . 
the food court was really nothing special . 
i had had had the most luck at bergner's . 
my parents also shopped there the most . 
there was kiosks in the aisle . 
i didn't used frequent these much . 
during the holidays, there was usually gift wrapping and an angel tree . 
carousel rides doubled in price . 
bathrooms were always nasty . 
do they purposely hired anti-social custodians ? 
they didn't knew their head from their ass . 
it was so rare to have that kind of experience any more . 
we really appreciated it ! 
if you went to.the.contractor counter and try.and get.served.good luck . 
_ num_ people behind counter but i could nt got waited on . 
they always ed had what i had med looking for . 
i had med still horrified ! 
please did not believe the shop assistants in this store ! 
well, we was in europe now after paying_ num_$ for this bed . 
-second disgraceful lie and best... they offered us a_ num_% off on a new pump but... they was not able to ship anything outside usa ! 
today was saturday 9/27 and i not heard from anyone . 
i felt like i was not a very valued customer . 
fyi... forgot to say... . 
i was a``_ num_ '' ! 
i planned to go to ivey's for any future car needs . 
ivey's quality of work was superb and i can recommended him wihtout hesitation . 
however, didn't let its appearance fooled you . 
he definitely knew what he was doing and was very good at it . 
totally recommended . 
prices were very reasonable . 
great service, the guys were awesome . 
many restaurants and businesses within walking distance, making this a convenient location . 
clean as a whistle . 
i was very pleased with this hotel . 
i definitely felt like i got my money's worth . 
here was what i liked:-it was a real bargain . 
-they offered free breakfast, but was warned: it was carb overload . 
but still, it was a nice touch . 
and here was what i didn't loved:-the rooms still felt cheap even with the updates . 
but hey, you got what you payed for . 
-it was really easy to hear every little thing outside the room . 
get ready to hear everything in the hallway and outside at the pool . 
it was next to many restaurants and a mall and easy access to uiuc . 
i preferred non carpeted rooms . 
the continental breakfast was nothing but carbs . 
everything smelt like stale hairspray and old smoke . 
the rooms were quaint and clean . 
a king bed was$_ num_ more than two beds . 
have you ever tried to sleep with your mate in a double bed ? 
thank you for a nice stay . 
hey, i had med pretty easy to please when it came to business travel . 
that was not a huge deal though . 
then i read about a previous issue bedbugs, as we drove into town . 
it looked like an airport met target . 
i didn't knew how better to describe it . 
walls were stucco-textured . 
yes, please ! 
i would stayed here again, rooms were very nice and up-to-date . 
better than most chain pizza, it was ok . 
it also had a really friendly, layered-back atmosphere . 
i loved monicals . 
always good to have some`` hometown taste ''when visiting . 
i loved monicals and you can't beat the family deal . 
formidwextern pizza, monicals were hands down my favorite . 
also watched out for their coupons in the mail . 
i ate here occasionally because it was by my work . 
i swore we did not do anything to make her mad . 
i nearly always grabbed carry-out . 
they really needed to work out the parking situation . 
this was my least favorite location in champaign . 
i preferred to drive to the location in tolono . 
the mozzarella sticks were okay . 
monical's always was around, as long as i can remembered . 
pizza was average, thin crust in little squares that was pretty soggy . 
the family pleaser was what we always got . 
which just added an iceburg lettuce salad and soft drinks to a pizza order . 
to me, having ate here during my graduate school days . 
this monical person was only really good at making average pizza . 
and it came with_ num_ toppings for under$_ num_ . 
i can not believe monicals got such low ratings . 
they had the best thin crust i had had ever tasted . 
and yes, did put the french dressing on the za ! 
my favorite pizza place when i came to visit my family up this way . 
