overpriced . 
the pizza is pretty bland , despite a hefty helping of oregano . 
perhaps because i is indoctrinated into loving this pizza as a small child . 
we get the thin crust with steak and bacon and it is awesome ! 
i has to knock it down a star . 
the food isn't good . 
went here after a doctors appointment one day . 
the pizza is good . 
the small salad isn't their best . 
the service sucks . 
the waitress don't gives us refills and nothing is clean . 
she gives us our check but never comes back to take our money . 
finally , the manager does . 
a few years ago but sadly , it closes . 
i couldn't believes what i is hearing . 
service is just ok and they actually gets our pizza order wrong . 
the pizza is missing a topping that we actually paid for . 
ordered delivery which don't takes long at all . 
our waitress is rude and does t wants to fix the issue . 
i would suggests picking up your order instead of delivery . 
there is an additional location lists for champaign which turns out to be closer . 
the pizza is barely warmer than room temperature . 
luckily , uhaul comes through and finds a truck for me . 
what happens to logical customer service ? 
as of last spring , they has a parrot . 
that is cool . 
i has to have all the bedding replaces . 
then when i takes a shower , i sees that the towels are dirty . 
unfortunately , i makes the mistake of reserving _num_ nights here . 
everything else is great ! 
the upstairs area is great ! 
things i loves about eastland suites : the staff - incredibly attentive , super helpful breakfast - great for the pricepoint extend stay - very comfortable& great for business pool - the kids love it ! 
i hires blossom basket for my wedding flowers . 
she is patient and helpful as i struggles to figure out my flower design . 
the second time i goes in , i is paired with a different employee . 
she is rude and short with me at times . 
used them for my wedding . 
everything comes out well . 
my colors match perfectly ( even my dream lavender roses ! 
brittany is awesome to work with ! 
she also puts together beautiful table settings fills with hydrangeas . 
they calls me back and arranges to have them delivers anyway ! 
flowers look good... . 
for about _num_ hours , then the wilting begins . 
made a last minute order and within hours it is delivered ! 
 : ) the flowers are gorgeous ! 
the service is impeccable . 
so we have a predicament , one that blossom basket takes care of . 
blossom basket replaces the arrangement with a new one right away . 
both arrangements are creative and pretty . 
i does feels the second one looks better . 
i couldn't believes that they assembles a beautiful bouquet - which lasts for _num_ weeks ! 
 - and has it delivers within one hour of my call ! 
they even sends me pictures by email of the flowers and balloons before delivery . 
if i could goes anywhere else i would . 
carle medical supply is a great place for me to get my cpap machine . 
thanksgiving _num_ , my mother is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer . 
mom knows she is in good hands . 
i is such an avid bus - rider in champaign - urbana . 
there is no need to own a car , really . 
moving to los angeles is quite a shock to the system . 
nyc could learns a thing or two too ! 
every ride with him is fun , guy always has something to say . 
so one afternoon , stops by to eat a chicken teriyaki sandwich . 
looked pretty good . 
they serves me a half raw chicken sub ! 
i wants to get myself some sweet tea but they has none . 
cheap and don't messes them up , so i is happy . 
this might is the worst hair cuts i ever has . 
she easily cuts _num_ ( ! 
it is around 12 : 30 pm on a friday and the sign says open . 
there is to my knowledge _num_ employees in the salon doing nothing . 
i is wrong . 
very disappointed and hurts that my business is not accepts here . 
the haircut , minus the bangs , is perfect . 
friendly service and decently prices for men and women . 
i would highly recommends this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut ! 
i would highly recommends this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut ! 
overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts . 
i goes there today and asks to curl my hair with a straightener . 
she tells me no . 
later she tells me she does perms to my hair so does nt goes here no one speaks proper english and messes up with your hair they is professional and courteous . 
they takes their time and listens to what i wants . 
overall , i would goes again but not in love with the place . 
my friends and i would goes to rocks just to get horseshoes . 
the ob - gyn who is there is fantastic . 
this saves me a ton of cash . 
it is an outrage . 
i recently goes to plans parenthood for my birth control needs . 
my health care practitioner is professional , courteous , and very friendly . 
she makes what could is an uncomfortable experience rather pleasant ! 
they goes above and beyond for quality care and service . 
i feels like i is in an interrogation room right from the start . 
at the time , i really feels intrudes upon . 
i don't wants to get pregnant , and that should is enough . 
one that don't wants this job and is perhaps having a bad day . 
the nurse practitioner goes very slow and explains everything as she does it . 
and she makes conversation ! 
request of renewal denies by doctor '' . 
how does they puts it ? 
i loves the big ten games and the energy of the campus . 
i would never picks a different place to spend four years ! 
the first test average is a _num_ % and there is no curve . 
i does that a lot and it is worth it for the english - speaking tas . 
come here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends . 
you hold out so long for more alumni dollars . 
the chief is a total badass , enough says . 
i earns a ba and an ms from uiuc . 
got it ? 
i transfers into uiuc at _num_ as a junior . 
they all feels i is especially when they finds out how old i is . 
i also transfers into uiuc at _num_ . 
 ( at least for engineers ) my profs are great , greek system is great ( yeah sk and triangle ! 
i previously goes to marquette university for my freshman and sophomore years . 
that says , the school is trying . 
perhaps more importantly , it does prepares me for the world that comes after . 
if i could goes back in time to relive it all , i would ! 
i is in awe at how beautiful the old buildings are . 
yes , you hear that right . 
i has a great time here , majors in spanish and minores in french . 
i supports myself and my family all because of my degree from here . 
then i does and then my younger sister does . 
i would thinks there would is a better representation of many racial groups there . 
also , i sees a billboard for an african american homecoming dance . 
you see , i is a student there from _num_ to_ nums_ . 
the university is less selective in admissions at that time . 
indeed i has a roommate who flunks out in his senior year . 
freshmen get drunk at kam's and puke all over the sidewalk . 
had my master here in communication . 
i attends 2008 - 2012 and i receives an undergraduate degree in biology . 
unfortunately they do not maintain high standards . 
some of the bricks looks unsteady on the bumpy ground . 
the bell tower in the mathematics building is unfortunately closed . 
we miss the narrow window of 12 : 30 - 1 pm , for a tour . 
parking is challenging even just to find a meters spot . 
we have an info session and tour for my brother yesterday . 
our tour guide is not . 
most questions are answered with `` i don't knows '' . 
the dorm we see is so small . 
the campus itself is gorgeous , very spreads out and green . 
the kam is sort of the chicago mca equivalent for me . 
a few friends and i has so much fun wandering the place . 
went for a friend; she is opening her mfa exhibition . 
one half star knocks off` cuz is extra - s tempts by her claims of wine . 
sadly , they only serves soda . 
i uses april's florist for my wedding , seven years ago . 
she does a wonderful job . 
worked with me on price , design , etc . 
everything is wonderful and she is fun to talk and plans with . 
they is so pretty . 
i has never hears of april's florist before finding them online . 
my first thought is that they is a bit pricey . 
she says they is the best floral arrangement she has ever gets . 
she sends me a picture and i expects less than what you see online . 
but they looks exactly like the online advertisement . 
was in and out in under _num_ minutes . 
i gets my flowers and boy is they beautiful and super fresh ! 
it tastes okay , but not great . 
after my first order from this place i wouldn't dares order again . 
i gets the double sauteed pork with `` fries rice. '' 
my friend has a tofu dish that is ok . 
tasted like bbq sauce mixes with teriyake . 
but i isn't in the mood for meat . 
so... i gets the veggie lo mein . 
it feels like oil slicks in my mouth . 
really fast and really reasonably prices . 
stopped by empire yesterday for some quick takeout . 
cons : decor is sort of confusing and borderline gross . 
we wonder what is living in the empty fishtank near the door . 
my friends get sweet and sour chicken . 
they says it is alright . 
the fries rice is bright yellow - almost saffron - y in color . 
the egg roll is disappointing . 
i has the pork with` string beans , 'a.k.a . 
also , i would highly recommends the dry chili chicken off the chinse menu . 
one time , though , we order the lemon chicken . 
the staff is friendly and helpful and the food comes out pretty quickly . 
i would comes back . 
tried the shrimp fries rice . 
had some solid pepper steak . 
when my wife is in vet school we eat here every week . 
the general tsos tofu is amazing as is the mai fun and mu shu . 
had their fries fish thing with some vegetable . 
highly recommends ! 
frequented this establishment many times during college and is always satisfied . 
` nuff says . 
recently i finds a cockroach in the bathroom ! 
ewww : ( it uses to be good . 
but today the barista makes me so mad ! 
what is this nice service that everyone speaks off ? 
first of all , they never puts a sleeve on the cup . 
come on ! 
baristas are a little cranky , but not overly so . 
i orders a soy latte with hazelnut syrup and it is delicious . 
inside is quiet and spacious . 
they combines the two in my cup . 
i asks for less milk , hoping to be able notice some coffee flavor . 
tried some coffee here and it is alright . 
it tastes as if it is loaded with white pepper . 
starbucks become starbucks for a reason . 
i could not is happier leasing from roland realty . 
i lives at 702/704 w elm st in urbana for a year . 
they is fair with returning the security deposit . 
it is relatively cheap , however . 
despite my issues with the building , i almost stays for a second year . 
i would definitely recommends living with roland . 
 _num_ ) i loses my keys to my apartment . 
they says no because it is not fair for my roommates safety . 
they refuses , and charges me$ _num_ dollars ! 
for some reason they charges me for the key fob after i moves out . 
i would rents from them again in a heartbeat . 
i recently goes back and the place goes waaay downhill . 
dazzling nails save the day . 
every nail salon i could reaches is closed except this place . 
both of the women who does our mani - pedis is quick but very thorough . 
the service is very conscientious and friendly , and the cost very reasonable . 
my friend also gets her eyebrows wax at the last minute : - manicure$ _num_ - pedicure$ _num_ - eyebrows$ _num_ i highly recommends this cheap yet thorough salon . 
everyone is very nice and accommodating . 
the first time i goes i gets a shellac no - chip manicure . 
i would highly recommends this salon to anyone . 
i is so glad i chooses this salon . 
they cleans up my cuticles and dead skin so everything looks nice and smooth . 
the massage chair is awesome ! 
everyone is nice . 
but for _num_ bucks , i definitely gets my money's worth . 
today is my first visit here so i goes with an open mind . 
it is pretty much what i expects and nothing much exceptional . 
they shouts back and forth and laughs very loudly . 
it is very annoying . 
i do not feel comfortable in this place . 
it isn't the cleanest either . 
after waiting _num_ minutes patiently... one lady starts working on her while i proceeds to wait another _num_ minutes . 
 - manicurists borrow tools from each other . 
absolutely pitiful i goes to get my nails and toes does and left so unhappy . 
i gets a manicure . 
the entire salon and nail stations is disgusting . 
there is a layer of acrylic dust on everything . 
the place is terrible . 
the selection is very limited and picks over and in very bad disarray . 
however , i is able to find a few suits to try on . 
in broken english she says goes ahead . 
i has to wait for a dressing room . 
when i finally gets a room i starts to get undressed . 
i has no idea men are allowed in woman's dressing rooms these days ! 
then i sees a face peeking out from underneath the partition . 
she does but her parents do nothing and say nothing . 
after i buys the suit i goes to macy's . 
hey rachel , is she homely ? 
i only goes in to grab a shirt very quickly . 
i feels completely rushes and a bit chastised , which i hates . 
i makes the selection without delay . 
we am not the only ones left shopping by an means . 
this woman's behavior is flat out rude and off - putting and completely inexcusable . 
it is not worth fighting campus traffic to get there . 
i goes for lip and eye brow waxing . 
did a great job on my brows specially . 
i would goes again . 
we spend _num_ minutes here waiting to make a 4 - minute transaction . 
we rent a truck online and have our confirmation email and receipt with us . 
i calls to make a reservation for a truck . 
i is told that i has a 4 - hour reservation for a$ _num_ truck . 
recently moves from champaign to wyoming . 
i orders a _num_ 'truck with no extras for my move . 
quick summary - - - has a reservation for a truck at 12 : 45 pm on 8/10 . 
came to the store at 12 : 30 , gets my truck at 2 : 15 . 
every other aspect of this experience is hell . 
* can laughter* i has has uses u - haul to move before on two occasions . 
the interior looks so depressing . 
the face of the gm is equally lifeless and depressing . 
that aside , the service is beyond slow . 
i knows from the past two experiences that i should gets in early . 
it don't takes _num_ minutes to get my truck . 
it takes _num_ hour and _num_ minutes to get my truck . 
the gm is serving people at the speed of snail . 
# suckstosuck# 3spooky5me the gm never greets me . 
never looks at me . 
never thanks me . 
don't even apologizes for the excruciatingly long wait . 
i finishes my paperwork and is told to wait outside for him . 
i finally walks out of that hell hole and gets some fresh air . 
i couldn't believes it . 
as if he couldn't tells me that from the beginning ? 
i rents a truck in july for a one - way move . 
so i decides to make a second personal appearance . 
the process takes about an hour . 
also , the boxes that i buys there fall apart . 
my truck is already fits with a hitch but no wiring . 
i really don't knows the first thing about what i needs to buy . 
on the day of pick up - the computer system is `` down '' . 
no other locations nearby are open or have available trailers in any size . 
mr. hubbard is rude , inconsiderate , and unhelpful . 
he makes no effort to reach a resolution . 
he makes degrading and insulting remarks in my ability to understand the situation . 
many other customers are affected on this same day . 
the employees at the establishment are eager and willing to help . 
 - - - - i contacts uhaul customer service with no response or resolution terribly slow . 
i goes here on the recommendation of my colleague at work . 
otherwise it is a very pleasant experience and i enjoys it ! 
couldn't really asks for more . 
i ends up getting a free sandwich . 
i finally decides to give this place a try . 
the place seems clean and the workers are friendly . 
i has the california gulch on wheat and my friend has the steam engine . 
the sandwich overall has a clean taste . 
also when we has it delivers it takes an hour plus . 
don't even gets to try it . 
i orders online and prepays a pretty generous tip . 
i gets home and begins to tear into the sub . 
i is pleasantly surprised at how tasty it is . 
however , i wouldn't calls it the best sub i has has ever eats . 
i comes here for some quick and fast subs . 
my time is absolutely wastes . 
tasted pretty fresh and puts together really well . 
i saves over$ _num_ with the hooked deal and the subs are good . 
got ta tries it , if youn't already . 
i is blew away . 
though twice my underaged friend goes and gets the overage wristband . 
been awhile since i has has is here . 
guard your jacket unless you want a free drink spils on it . 
overpriced and dirty . 
never has any good memories from this place . 
guaranteed . 
 _num_ ) the people at brothers tends to be so completely and utterly hammers . 
just is there once . 
crazy cheap for an alum uses to chicago bar prices . 
tried the broski for four . 
done and does . 
did we really need that jamba juice ? 
they serves some of the best comfort food available . 
this is _num_ years ago ! 
overall , u of i is a very nice campus . 
did i mentions it is busy ? 
only is to the first floor and food court . 
i spends countless hours here studying away . 
tenant union - if you have issues with your land lord _num_ . 
come study in the president's lounge . 
the basement is gets a variety of quick bites at your service . 
oh , does i mentions that this place is also a hotel ? 
working here isn't the greatest experience+ most stories aren't locally relevant . 
the tow guy is also super helpful and courteous . 
i would avoids this company at all costs ! 
i has to overpay him . 
it looks as if someone uses a crowbar to unlock the car . 
of course , this is another$ _num_ fix at the subaru dealer . 
had a great experience , all things consider . 
timely , organizes , and polite . 
that says , thanks reynold . 
my son's scooter is towed from the front of papa john's pizza . 
cheapest place i calls , and the man on the phone is very polite . 
it is playing a chinese game show . 
i is disappointed with crispy tofu that is not as good as before . 
we order the seafood pho . 
my boyfriend is a little annoyed since he gets something completely different . 
we then ask for srirarcha ( sp? ) 
and gets a tiny dollop of it . 
it is very salty and unpleasant . 
i feels disgusted that i actually eats half since i is so hungry . 
multiple theories as to why we am treated this way . 
the food i would considers a cross between chinese and taiwanese style comfort food . 
there isn't a lot of options , only about _num_ items . 
both of which is disappointing ! 
the shrimp crepe only has two small pieces of shrimp . 
the turnip cake is just off , seems like it isn't cooks right . 
the shui mai and shrimps dumpling is small , but it tastes fine . 
not entirely saddens by this experience because at least it isn't expensive . 
when they is under previous management , their food is great . 
i would pays _num_ dollars for the intestine dish . 
i is pleasantly surprised with this place . 
service isn't the best , but it isn't horrifyingly bad either . 
the peking pork is fried to perfection and the sauce is very tasty . 
in general they is okay . 
$ _num_ something for decent lunch portions with steamed or fries rice . 
the tofu , soups , and more traditional dishes look good . 
minuses : the fry american - style dishes are food - court quality . 
my companion finds a bug in her food . 
 _num_ ) shrimp crepes - pretty good... i would likes more shrimps though _num_ ) congee - this comes with a pork sausage which is tasty . 
the pho is excellent . 
soup base is flavorful , noodles chewy , meat offering varied and delicious . 
i takes my dad there today to give him some dim - sum experience . 
went here looking for pho because i is having a huge craving for it . 
both is great . 
crispy tofu and eggplant is the highlights of the night . 
ended up being$ _num_ pp ! 
this place has generally good reviews , but i has an entirely different experience . 
it is a very disappointing . 
i hears from friends that it is great . 
we walk in about 12 : 15 and do not leave until about 2 : 30 . 
we walk in and it is very hectic . 
so we sit there and wait , and wait and wait . 
 _num_ minutes goes by and nothing . 
we am very upset because we only have a short lunch break . 
about _num_ minutes later , our first dish comes out . 
slowly , our little dim sum dishes come out . 
our last dish comes about _num_ minutes later from our first dish . 
went here many times with friends while i is down at uofi . 
that i figures i 'd eats here just to get the taste . 
i orders har gow , shui mai , shrimp spring rolls and beef balls . 
total comes to about$ _num_ . 
everything is yummy and fairly fast ! 
i grows up in taiwan so i knows what i has ms talking about . 
not that good but has no other choice . 
i uses to eat here frequently . 
however , my last two visits are terrible . 
they simply serves it . 
the first time i is not sure . 
but apparently they would just keeps the overcharge if i acquiesces . 
amazed by the variety of choices . 
how could a restaurant tries to cook all styles of chinese food . 
food is okay , not great but not bad . 
the waitress do not even notifies me . 
i orders the hot pot and it isn't even a hot pot . 
there is no soup ( wtf ) ! 
i would gives zero star if i could . 
i says sweet . 
the owner explains that the sweet soy sauce is an extra$ _num_ . 
had i not asks she would never tells me . 
second time , my friend wants to come here . 
the owner asks whether i wants pork belly or port tenderloin for a dish . 
i says belly , and a magical one dollar is added to my bill . 
then i specially asks whether the rick comes with dishes or not . 
she says yes and secretly adds another$ _num_ to my bill . 
when i confronts her , she says the rice is$ _num_ per person . 
at this point , i is beyond pisses by this dishonest act . 
um , it is okay . 
came here for dim sum and incomparable to chicago dim sum . 
i comes with a large party and we order quite a bit of food . 
all of the classic dim sum dishes is did fairly well . 
everything else we order is pretty standard fare . 
the doctor i is completely negligent in correcting a problem she creates . 
i sees dr. samuel - parks at the mahomet location to discuss weight loss medication . 
dr. samuel - parks are condescending and dismissive . 
she just assumes i drinks _num_ calorie frappes. ) 
she don't even performs a full physical on me . 
my previous review is for carle hospital . 
not sure how it shows up here . 
something i says ? 
which is also supposes to be paids _num_ % with no co - pays . 
additionally , i has some lab work that comes back abnormal . 
they does further testing without my consent . 
today is the last straw . 
my experience actually starts quite positive . 
which they do not do ! 
i don't even has the chance to describe all of my symptoms ! 
at least the doctor seems friendly . 
had a great time here during the day after a bar scramble . 
some drunk guy pees on my foot here . 
i is only eighteen and not proud to be in the bar . 
hell , maybe i steals someone else's beer . 
well , i goes back to campus this weekend for the michigan - illinois game . 
if you like puke , and freshmen , and freshmen puking , comes here . 
recently votes as the best place in champaign - urbana to have a one night stand . 
the drinks are worse and painfully weak . 
i is horrified to see people in formal wear . 
guess they is pre - gaming it there ? 
however kams do it to me . 
these people we meet at the football game randomly invites us . 
even though my friends warn me , we go anyway . 
 ( it isn't terrible. ) 
the guys are also buying shots , which helps a lot . 
my feet stick to the floor throughout the entire bar . 
the tables probably haven't are clean in years . 
the staff at this place is something else . 
that is the only reason it don't gets one star . 
came here _num_ years after my graduation... and not much changes . 
it still smells like vomit , stale beer , and service sucks . 
its litters with garbage vomit and breaks glass . 
i eats a hotdog that they grills outside because they smells great . 
regretted that in _num_ hours . 
i goes there for the memories . 
this is humiliating at best . 
tis is definitely my favorite bookstore ! 
it always has all my books , with used and new options . 
reserving books online is definitely a time saver . 
i uses to love t.i.s . 
outdated ? 
two days ago i purchases an iclicker here for$ _num_ including tax . 
this afternoon i attempts to return the unopened product with the original receipt . 
the staff is helpful . 
only offering manzana lift would makes things better . 
i also buys some candy and a strawberry boing ! 
drink and the total is only$ _num_ . 
very reasonably prices and worth every bite ! 
breakfast this great tasting would costs a lot more anywhere else . 
he recommends all these fantastic mexican places for me in chicago . 
the guac is the best i has has ever has . 
i tries carnitas , shredded beef , and chorizo tacos . 
all of them is quite delicious ! 
but the food isn't the only impressive part about this establishment . 
tried this place the first week in c - u . 
after having reads the reviews , i is expecting more . 
the woman at the counter is friendly , but the food is disappointing . 
there is flies all over the place . 
the produce looks so sad and wilted . 
been here a few times now and everything tries is spectacular . 
tacos w cilantro , onion , and wedge of lime . 
i goes here a few months ago and has the tacos al pastor . 
there is no highchairs , just the one nasty , sticky booster seat . 
it is `` _num_ five alarm hot sauce '' level . 
i could barely eats it . 
i will walks past this place many , many times before actually going in . 
ate here for the second& last time a few days ago . 
my wife& i both has` mexi - belly 'the next day . 
i notices that my container feels oily . 
shame` cus i likes the place . 
restaurant review : i has to even asks if they accepts credit cards , yes they does ! 
everything in the restaurant is sticky from the menu to table to the floor . 
unfortunately this is not the case . 
i is hungry so i enjoys my chips still and eats the whole basket . 
when my carne asada comes it is not what i expects . 
why would you put giant pieces of green onion in with the carne asada . 
these is not pleasant and bitter tasting . 
this is again not the case . 
very thinly slices meat that is very chewy . 
the refried beans are a soupy mess , but the mexican rice is passable . 
did i mentions that there is so much oil in the dish... seriously... pro : none... . 
hidden gem : _num_ dollar tacos on wednesday tacky decorations , tacky store at the front , awkward register blocking the door . 
the portion is adequate ( i thinks they could uses a smaller plate . 
the large plate with the portion gives makes it looks very small! ) 
the tacos i gets are carnitas and steak . 
it is delicious and flavorful ! 
the steak is likewise very delicious . 
the salsa is so spicy ! 
i loves it , hah . 
i would returns here for their$ _num_ tacos . 
she is nice but isn't too helpful with questions . 
service is a bit slow and waters do not get refill . 
the ground beef tastes a bit off last time i is here . 
chicken is dry and adding salsa do not help . 
ambiance/ music - an ant is crawling on me while eating . 
felt like we am in mexico . 
scrambled eggs with chorizo are the bomb ! 
waitress also do not know anything about menu items . 
this makes it a little difficult to eat because the insides keep falling out . 
the steak is like finely chops up and at times resembles ground beef . 
it is also quite greasy . 
got _num_ chicken tacos... . 
the chips and salsa that is brought out is also phenomenal ! 
i has a margarita and a mexican shrimp cocktail . 
it seems almost ferments like it is expired . 
the chicken tacos are pretty mediocre in taste in my opinion . 
had carnitas tacos . 
when i is _num_ , i thinks this place is the greatest thing ever . 
i is pretty stupid when i is _num_ . 
when i goes in it smells overpoweringly like barf . 
it is so strong i couldn't talks , listens or even thinks . 
what does she says ? 
needless to say it is also too crowded , dark and dirty . 
such is the magic of cos . 
the hot and spicy squid is really good . 
they says they is delivered so they could not give me my money back . 
i gets* great* customer service here . 
i wastes a trip . 
i could gets better flowers at the grocery store . 
the arrangement is all wonky and out of proportion as well . 
i orders on - line an arrangement for my cousin , who is hospitalized with cancer . 
phyllis return my call first thing in the morning . 
i is relieved to hear that the beautiful roses would all are present ! 
my cousin sends me a photo of the floral arrangement and it is beautiful . 
she is delighted . 
staff is friendly and they has what we need . 
the birthday cake eminems are on sale but they is disappointing at best grabs decent sandwiches and gyros , and enjoys live music if it is schedules . 
often crowds , so plans on a wait for food and a table . 
the gyros are pretty good , but their fries come with this amazing sauce . 
one familiar restaurant is zorba's . 
got two med . 
when we sit outside on the quad , we upwrap a tightly roll gyro . 
so eating it outside on a windy day is not a problem at all ! 
i goes almost every tuesday as it is cheaper on tuesday . 
the chicken gyro never has that effect for whatever reason . 
i learns this the hard way . 
when i eats meat the gyros are very good too ! 
and it is another hit ! 
chicken gyros and fry mushrooms for dinner hit the spot . 
i frequents this place all the time when i is a student at uofi . 
good ole z - bots as we like to call this one back in the day . 
has nt changes much cept that now i can drinks the beer . 
zorba's burns to the ground marches _num_ , _num_ . 
this is my favorite place to get gyros in town . 
so greasy it burns the fuck down ! 
currently closes due a fire above them . 
my parents used to come here when they is dating back in the day . 
they starts taking me and my brother as kids . 
was just there for lunch today , is great to be back ! 
i orders my food and waits to pay . 
the cashier left to take orders , and the line starts backing up . 
the only thing i paids for is the convenience of eating on green st . 
all i gets is something overprices and meh . 
well , it is pretty much the same as i remembers . 
well , the sauce here is runny , warm , and almost clear . 
green street don't feels the same without you since you burn down . 
although the ambiance is much improves , my gyro lacks taste . 
yep , it lives up to the hype . 
i also likes that there is multiple size options for the sandwiches . 
the greek salad isn't anything special either . 
i gets ta says that i prefers niro's gyros more . 
the joint that launches my love affair with the gyro . 
don't knows a gyro could achieves the melt in your mouth consistency . 
my name is took and i is called when it is ready . 
i dashes home and unwrapped everything , anxious to try it . 
i does thinks that this gyro is really on point though . 
the tzatziki is really good , too ! 
kind of creamy but not too yogurt - y or waters down like some places . 
the mac and cheese bites are also surprisingly good . 
the only thing i do not like is the portion/ price . 
today tuesday is dollar off classic gyro or 1/2 price fries . 
i grows up in champaign and this is a favorite stomping ground ! 
we get _num_ of the beef/ lamb gyros and a greek salad . 
i thinks the gyro is okay . 
the fries that comes with the combination platter are not good at all . 
those is mostly left untouched . 
being able to peruse a bit would is nice . 
pricing is reasonable . 
the bread is great , the hummus is just average . 
i really likes my gyro though ! 
sometimes they gets deals on hook . 
did they asks my permission to use it ? 
did they credits me with the image ? 
and yet they don't . 
i feels too nostalgic here to give this place one star . 
i uses to come here in the mid _num_ is as an undergrad . 
the fries are just okay . 
loved the greek salad and gyro plate . 
the interior is nice and roomies and has and interesting set of furniture . 
the sauce is very tomato - y . 
reasonably prices illini gear with a friendly staff . 
the items seem to be decent quality too . 
it is a really weird experience . 
te` shurts is the answer to our prayers ! 
the quality of the custom prints shirts is superior to other printers on campus . 
otherwise , it would is a two star selection . 
a little surprising considering how great i thinks the food is . 
the food is mainly tapas ( for dinner at least... great dish , i would definitely has it again ! 
you can't really go wrong and indeed it is delicious . 
and brings me the most gigantic glass of port i 'd ever sees . 
cafe luna would totally passes muster back home in california . 
or is it ? 
 : ) i is a big fan of caf luna when it is on campus . 
i eats lunch their frequently when i still works on campus . 
everything is great value for the price , beautifully presents , fresh and creative . 
none of the staff seems at all enthusiastic about serving us . 
our assigns server for the evening is helpful and satisfactory but not warm . 
the food is all right but way overpriced . 
come on guys . 
the coconut shrimp and accompanying sauce is excellent . 
the duck confit ravioli is also very good . 
he does orders more bread just to soak up the leftover sauce . 
the food this time also falls short... we order the shrimp special , which is grilled and comes with coconut risotto . 
the shrimp is disgustingly over - salts , and the risotto is a pilaf . 
the final disaster is the fries gnocchi . 
i hates it . 
my mom thinks the artichoke is freezes . 
the sauce , however , is very good without being too fondue - like . 
i ends up dipping bread in it . 
we also get the beef tenderloin , which is decent . 
i thinks it is similar to wasabi . 
it comes with potatoes and onions that is perfectly cooks but plain . 
the cilantro - lemongrass pork rib is my favorite next to the goat cheese . 
the creamy clams is gross . 
the duck confit is a disappointment . 
my mom and friend really likes it , though . 
oh , i thinks the prices are really good . 
we get all of that for fifty - five bucks . 
we start out with salads that is a bit pricey but absolutely delicious . 
the asparagus is flavorful , tender and perfectly cooks . 
it has then is soaks in a very bland brine and is extremely waterlogs . 
so it is bizarrely dry and soggies a the same time . 
what little of it could is eats is pretty horrible . 
the sauce that comes with it , however , is really good . 
my initial visual assessment is highly optimistic . 
the waitress apologizes that they is `` short on menus. '' 
but , ok , they is short on menus . 
 ( they also gives us mismatching water glasses . 
hers is only marginally better ! 
a tomato puree that has cinammon in it , for some reason . 
one of our _num_ orders come out wrong . 
the waitress don't charges us for the soup . 
so , that is nice of her . 
not sure who the last reviewers are but here is mine... i comes to urbana from chicago with my _num_ year old son . 
first the atmosphere is charming . 
we first sit on the patio and feel like we am really in spain . 
as far as the food is concerned , we am very happy ! 
the french inspiries tapas is awesome . 
the seafood is cooked to perfection; the proportions are perfect . 
the wait staff is amazing . 
cafe luna changes my mind that night . 
the cheese is gooey and the bread perfect . 
duck confit ravioli - these is so rich . 
they is still ok . 
they is not mushy , but not crisp . 
the sauce they is served with really comes to the rescue . 
i could just eats a bowl of that sauce . 
the prosciutto crostini is good . 
we also have salads . 
i instead has the house herb dressing salad . 
ooo it looks so good and he don't even gives me a bite ! 
this time that we go with our friends , the staff is amazing . 
that is it ! 
we order some coconut shrimp , and some ravioli with goat cheese and asparagus . 
he explains the pricing , the taste , and the overall service . 
luna uses to be my favorite restaurant when it is on campus . 
and the cooks couldn't even cook it through the second time ? 
the person who orders it touches the meat and says it is quite cool . 
they don't apologizes or acts like they cares at all . 
at the old location , this is my favorite restaurant in town . 
their duck tapas are really tasty too . 
i cheapens the set , haha . 
we am seated promptly . 
and what the specials are . 
while she looks on blankly , we suggest a decanter . 
she brings one back and whisks away the first glass . 
the wine , once the sediment is went is good . 
there is bread plates on the table but we have to ask for bread . 
the food is different and tasty . 
anyway , walks it , loves the decor ! 
then we wait awkwardly for about _num_ more minutes . 
we decide we am just going to eat and drink at the bar . 
we order a salad , melting brie pot and lobster& crab stuff prawns . 
well , the salad is pretty good . 
the potato totally overpowers the brie and you could barely taste it . 
then the `` prawns '' come out... . 
we say fine . 
they comes out ( four of them ) , not stuffs at all . 
had not expects it to be so close to it . 
the place is very nice . 
and the artichokes are cooked wonderfully . 
i justpokes it with my fork and it falls apart . 
she has a side of fresh greens with a zippy sauce that is yum . 
i loves this . 
really does . 
we see them opens this morning and jump in for brunch . 
the food is ok , a bit overpriced but not awful . 
everything is spot on delicious ! 
the french horn is good but a little sour for my tastes . 
i thinks it is very reasonably prices for everything we have . 
i definitely would recommends it anytime you are in town ! 
the squash is great , but the prosciutto is really crunchy and tasteless . 
the cinnamon rolls are only ok . 
a chicago reviewer would says `` there is kinks. '' 
she brings the table of _num_ four slices of bread . 
the dishes are extremely underwhelming , and the first _num_ or _num_ is cold . 
they is bites . 
service is great - especially since it is spring break and it is not crowded . 
the tapas are great portions . 
tried the walnut goat cheese balls with honey... divine ! 
the mussels in spicy curry are tasteful , not really spicy at all though . 
i really uses to like how haphazard luna is when it is on campus . 
food is overpriced and low quality . 
orders are messed up . 
had to ask for silverware . 
dear caf luna , you ruin my graduation dinner on may 14th , _num_ . 
i makes a reservation at 8p . 
one customer tells us to find the host wearing white with an apron . 
then finally after another _num_ minutes , we am being seat . 
however , this nightmare do not end then . 
and , we am finally allow to order after _num_ minutes of sitting ! 
neither the server , nor the host , is attentive and helpful . 
the server has this terrible attitude toward us the whole time . 
nothing much is explained nor betters throughout our experience . 
and the foods are not the best they could is considers the price . 
we could not grasp the understanding of this horrific experience . 
was it that we look foreigner and stupid ? 
was it because we am furious having to wait even with a reservation ? 
caf luna , you have successfully ruin my graduation celebration . 
i would never ever goes there again . 
it is truly a nightmare , by : one of your customer who intends to let everyone knows about this incident pros : the beignets are tasty and so are the sandwich . 
cons : - i is seated without a menu . 
 - i orders the beignets and they forgets to put chocolate sauce on the plate . 
my omelet comes to me with the eggs slightly loose : perfect . 
the filling is sauted mushrooms and a couple of cheeses . 
the cheeses are high quality and the mushrooms are freshly saut . 
my companion orders a quiche , which she enjoys and which i samples . 
were used , and that the custard is mostly cream . 
i would guesses that service degrades considerably during busy periods . 
on weekends , this area of town would is relatively quiet . 
summary : in my one visit to cafe luna , the restaurant is truly outstanding . 
we order the first seven appetizers on the menu and they is all perfect . 
all _num_ appetizers perfectly does . 
we am not in a michelin star restaurant in new york or la . 
this is champaign , illinois - a university town . 
again , i only tries the tapas . 
i changes my order to the chicken dijonaise . 
it comes out looking decent until i takes a bite . 
there is so much salt on it , i couldn't eats it . 
ok , so i uses to love luna when it is on campus . 
first and second , i goes with a group for brunch . 
my second trip , our group has reservations and we still wait _num_ minutes ! 
third ( and i has ms afraid final ) visit is a disaster . 
this is another large - ish group ( about _num_ ) with reservations . 
drink orders are took but never fill . 
all of this happens while thirsty patrons are still waiting for their first drinks . 
i orders risotto that night . 
the very delicious - looking fries are sort of like my risotto , cold and wrong . 
of course that is all wrong and takes another half hour . 
we end up waiting an hour to be seat . 
there is no sitting area , just a hallway so it is rather uncomfortable . 
when we am finally seat , we have a delicious meal . 
+ second time i goes there is for a date with my boyfriend . 
we left full and a little tipsy ( good wine! ) 
there is hardly anyone at the restaurant but we still have terrible service . 
they seems understaffed , apparently due to rehearsal dinner going on simultaneously . 
my friend has a very rare steak that takes forever to be sends back . 
in my experience , it is the exact opposite . 
the service is perfect . 
the charcuterie platter is edible , but lackluster . 
the day we go they has a sets menu for$ _num_ a person . 
without exaggeration , the food is disgusting . 
the restaurant looks nice , good atmosphere . 
the service is fine . 
first course : lox with cream spread and bread and oysters the salmon tastes like it is two weeks old . 
the oysters are the same . 
i wouldn't is surprised if it comes from some frozen bag at costco . 
mixed greens with beets are pretty good . 
the meat is tough and stringies . 
it is way over - seasons . 
and it is like _num_ % tough , inedible fat . 
i could makes a better steak when i is _num_ . 
the lamb chops are so tough , we couldn't even eat them . 
dessert is the best part of the meal . 
and it is still awful . 
the pastry is fine . 
it is impossible to chew . 
this is just unacceptable . 
i couldn't finds it from the actual review page ! 
i makes a reservation at 8p . 
one customer tells us to find the host wearing white with an apron . 
then finally after another _num_ minutes , we am being seat . 
however , this nightmare do not end then . 
and , we am finally allow to order after _num_ minutes of sitting ! 
neither the server , nor the host , is attentive and helpful . 
the server has this terrible attitude toward us the whole time . 
nothing much is explained nor betters throughout our experience . 
and the foods are not the best they could is considers the price . 
we could not grasp the understanding of this horrific experience . 
was it that we look foreigner and stupid ? 
was it because we am furious having to wait even with a reservation ? 
caf luna , you have successfully ruin my graduation celebration . 
i would never ever goes there again . 
it is truly a nightmare , by : one of your customer who intends to let everyone knows about this incident unable to get in to the restaurant we want , discovers luna by chance . 
every item we order is a symphony to our palettes . 
yeah , my friend j and i is ready to bolt ! 
but... the service is a bit slow , but it is pretty busy . 
the pear beignets are yummy and the coffee is good . 
we order the croque monsieur and swiss roesti . 
they takes down my review twice... . 
it is not offensive at all except stating the facts . 
we first go to basmati and honestly i thinks we am doomed . 
there is no flavor and most dishes seem to be water down . 
it turns out to be okay although it isn't excellent . 
waitresses are cute . 
the biryani is also very good . 
the manager knows me by my first name , hahahahha that is embarassing . 
seriously , a bit awkward to have my table wipes down in mid - sentence . 
threw out a$ _num_ plate of food after finding hair . 
the decor is exactly the same . 
the waiters seem to be the same too . 
i tries my boyfriend's lamb saag dish and loves it also . 
very good and reasonably prices . 
great indian food; spices well and not americanizes . 
this restaurant is good , fine , but i isn't particularly impressed . 
ordered vegetable vindaloo . 
all day and all night my stomach is a bubbling cauldron of curry . 
my spouse and i eats lunch there with some friends on 5/30/11 . 
the food is okay and plentiful , but the wait service is horrible . 
the waiter is extremely unfriendly , discourteous , and unhelpful . 
it is a very unwelcoming place . 
my favorite is always chicken makhani . 
i moves away from chambana to the south west . 
i could hardly reads my menu there at night . 
the food is delicious and pretty authentic . 
i walks out with a severe case of food poisoning . 
it takes my stomach two days to recover from this fiasco . 
service is fast . 
the naan is nice but just slightly burns . 
we try weekday buffet last week . 
for$ _num_ + tip+ tax , it has enough varieties . 
lunch buffet has probably the best naan i has has tries in many years . 
the food is awesome , prepares hot . 
restaurant review the lunch special seems enticing for 7+ dollars depending on what you order . 
the curry is not spicy at all which is perfect . 
it is rich and creamy with ample amount of chicken . 
the naan is simply the largest naan i ever sees . 
it is perfect with the curry . 
no salad though as mentions previously . 
pro : large menu with lunch specials , large naan , not too spicy curry cons : plasticware , slow service hides gem : 7+ dollar lunch specials with large naan or rice and potato pakora food is pretty average . 
waitress is pleasant . 
i orders the mixed grill . 
it is all chicken . 
where is the mix that is on the menu ? 
you and a buddy could get away splitting a dish for$ _num_ . 
i orders my food online with my credit card at about 6 : 30 pm . 
i is told that the delivery guy should is picking up soon . 
around 9 pm , i calls again . 
this time i is told i has to call delivery.com . 
he says , `` it says you are paying with cash. '' 
i just stands there . 
then my hunger snaps me back to my senses . 
he walks out unaffected . 
the lack of silverware and napkins is a nice touch . 
i orders an aloo paratha once and the owner brings me a regular paratha . 
did you think i don't knows ? 
but _num_ out of _num_ times i would goes to ambar . 
i orders chicken curry , the meat is spoilt and makes me throws out . 
the food is good ! 
the naan is gigantic , warm , and quite tasty . 
he gives us a naan on the house too orders the a spicy chickpea/ potato dish with a side of rice and a soda . 
rice is stale , cold , and hard . 
meal comes out to nearly$ _num_ . 
and he has a religious tattoo to show that he means it . 
i gets a$ _num_ chicken korma with no chicken . 
i substitutes paneer . 
turns out , i is almost right . 
the receipt indeed shows a higher price . 
i is purposely trying to stay under$ _num_ . 
very disappointed by this experience . 
i has the dinner at this place few months back and it is disappointing . 
i has veg assorted appetizer , chicken tikkas masala and naan . 
veg appetizer is ok , rest is not good . 
they is so oily and soggy . 
i is hoping samosa saves the day but hell no : ( . 
the filling is bland , the pastry is neither crispy nor flaky . 
the only thing tasting good is tea , which is made by me . 
sorry , i could goes on and on here - better stops now ! 
all seems satisfied with the selections chooses for me . 
the salesperson is very helpful , explaining the subtle nuances of the various cigars . 
we talk of smokes , single malt scotch , and their regular smokers . 
others in the store join in . 
am amazed at the selection of pipes , tobacco , cigars , etc . 
i drops a good amount of dough here considering it is my first visit . 
great atmosphere and the owner is very friendly and welcoming . 
i swears by this place in college ! 
i , on the other hand , gets the italian beef . 
 _num_ for a large pizza with cheese off of eatcu.com i gets a large with half steak and half italian beef . 
but back to my pizza , it is amazing . 
i takes _num_ slices and and i ms not even hungry anymore . 
5/5 stars a+ last chicken fingers i are a little salty and overfry . 
plus , they charges me$ _num_ for more sauce . 
i don't likes this place . 
this time i orders a `` famous '' calzone . 
ranch would is better . 
i wouldn't really recommends delivery . 
extra crispy what i don't expects is for my order to take _num_ . 
this is one of my top places to go on campus . 
done . 
wrong orders , forgets items , and slower - than - the - second - coming - of - christ delivery . 
the only thing that keeps us coming back is their awesome chicken strips . 
so we paid in the store . 
done . 
might takes awhile for your call to go through . 
i would not recommend the pizza though , . 
the bar downstairs is dark and dingy , i would not go there willingly . 
pretty funny overall , the food is great that night , but yeah . 
mug club _num_ we used to come here after illini hockey games across the street . 
there is surprisingly not that many people there on a weekend night . 
the ones that is don't really seems too obnoxious . 
the mug club is a must for everybody . 
just comes across mine as i is scanning business cards . 
upstairs , you would hear chanting about the need for a mop . 
so i goes to g - mart and they orders it for me instead . 
i really likes other realm . 
the owner is funny and gregarious . 
so i is needing some comics , man . 
i asks if he is open and he leads me right in . 
that strikes me as fair , and definitely does - able . 
i is in this shop once when i is picking up my girlfriend . 
i is just killing time and sees this shop . 
your little model cars on the wall are filthy . 
i comes in by myself to pick up dinner for friends. ) 
called from marketplace mall area... then she hangs up on me without as much as a goodbye . 
so , i orders jimmy johns . 
a little slow but the sandwich is amazing . 
bread tastes great and everything is fresh . 
once i orders for delivery on a _num_ january afternoon . 
staff is all business and bursting with energy . 
been _num_ minutes . 
i orders delivery on a sunday night while finishing up some homework . 
the online ordering is quite easy . 
the billy club is roast beef and ham . 
i adds almost extra everything including sprouts , hot peppers , oregano and tomato . 
they completely omits the peppers which is disappointing . 
after tax , tip and delivery fee my sandwich is over$ _num_ . 
granted , this is in _num_ . 
when i finally gets it , it is drowned in vinaigrette . 
we get a cat here . 
so i is keeping my fingers cross . 
i adopts a dog a few months ago . 
she even attacks one recently . 
cchs don't take great care of her either . 
my family and i adopts two kittens from the shelter . 
i feels like my pets are really care for before we come along . 
also super hot , like it clears out my sinuses hot . 
i just wants something edible for lunch ! 
literally , i goes orange eating it . 
i works here for a few months ( august until two days ago ) . 
they definitely shranks in the _num_ months i works there . 
i really enjoys the authentic chinese food i has at lunch here . 
the food tastes good and the service is very friendly and helpful . 
got ta loves this place . 
i would not recommend this restaurant . 
any food would suffers from sitting for an hour . 
okay this place is said to be good . 
ate here a while ago and don't really likes the food . 
knew it is not going to be that great . 
decided to go again because i wants to try something different . 
got this chinese fish dish that is just absolutely horrible . 
i could makes something better at home . 
the husband and i goes here for dinner takeout last night . 
i is super impressed . 
i orders off the `` authentic '' ( ? ) 
it is delicious . 
in spite of not particularly enjoying peppers i finds myself stealing bites . 
two people could easily eats here for$ _num_ . 
this place's value rivals even mcdonald's mcchickens . 
the hot& spicy chicken is definitely good . 
their tofu dish is also very good . 
i gets rice noodles . 
the amount they gives me is jaw dropping . 
and half the lunch box is made up of the rice aforementions . 
i would only comes back for the green beans . 
but why the hell would i does that ? 
good for both american and chinese and always packs during lunch . 
instead of the rice , i gets noodles - - much better choice . 
i gets the green beans which is as good as ever . 
i also gets the mapo tofu which is good as well . 
the chicken isn't totally gross this time ! 
i uses to go there all the time for a quick and cheap lunch . 
note that seating is limited so i would recommends getting takeout . 
highly recommends . 
ugh... or should i says : eww... i is trying to find a place to have dinner tonight . 
pretty safe selection , one would thinks . 
the problem is really with the basil chicken : it is honestly quite gross . 
and the dish is just not good . 
i eats a little bit of it and is did . 
for the next half hour i has a gross taste in my mouth . 
if they delivers... i would lives on this stuff in college . 
however , gives a choice , why goes and has bad food ? 
the mango sticky rice is terrific . 
i would eats here about _num_ times/ week when i is in business school . 
it is okay . 
a good massage but i isn't impressed . 
it is a little hot in the room . 
i asks a deep tissue and gets just a regular massage . 
highly recommends ! 
the car is not ready when i arrives . 
i has a great experience here and would recommends to anyone needing a car . 
he wouldn't helps me out in anyway and is just a terrible employee . 
we am very satisfied with our vehicle and experience all throughout the trip . 
i would says steers clear of these landlords . 
i don't even knows that is possible . 
you could do much worse than rick's . 
rick and his team does a great job in fixing my bmw convertible . 
my car battery dies and the hardtop convertible roof is in the trunk . 
the car isn't starting when one tries to jump it as well . 
overall a complicated situation which rick and his team handles really well . 
would you like to do that today? '' 
why would i gets a service that isn't recommends ? 
the service is fast too and they vacuums my car . 
they stops the upsell after that . 
then , i starts having performance problems with my tires . 
the tires only have 30k miles on them and they is 60k tires . 
they becomes unbalanced during pothole season . 
they has to be replaces . 
but , jiffy lube loses me as a customer . 
when i complains the guy shrugs his shoulders and says sorry . 
i would definitely recommends this jiffy lube over anywhere else . 
plus they has the stuff that my chevy needs right then and there . 
they has the doors open so it is nice to be in the lobby . 
i brings bills to pay while i waits and couldn't even finishes . 
they fills it up just to let me gets home . 
i is surprised to read the reviews on smoking/ having a smokey car . 
i really considers buying a drink just to throw it at them . 
the food however , is underwhelming . 
what is ordered : bento lunch box , teryaki chicken and sushi : spicy tuna is terrible . 
the taste is lacking and the rice seems a bit stale . 
the food is tasty , and is presented very nicely . 
we have a couple rolls , fry tempura appetizer , and gyoza . 
we enjoy it . 
there is some downsides . 
the price is very high compares to the amount of food we receive . 
also , we wait a very long time for our food . 
we go for lunch and i orders the chicken teriyaki box thing . 
it isn't bad but it certainly isn't good either . 
the salad comes in the upper left square of the box . 
it is about a _num_ inch by _num_ inch square . 
what really cracks me up is the vegetables . 
i has is here about _num_ times . 
there is one thing i don't likes; fries salmon roll . 
the breading is thick and greasy . 
otherwise , food is good . 
i has the sukiyaki and my girl has the beef teriyaki . 
both of them is really good , especially hers . 
the food is horrible . 
and the service is the worst thing at this place . 
never has sushi here kamakura consistently serves good food . 
i stops by at least once when i travels to u - c . 
we come here to celebrate a birthday . 
it is a cold weekday night and the restaurant is pretty empty . 
i is very wrong . 
we start out with an appetizer of tempura shrimp which is excellent and tasty . 
i has the miso soup and it is spot on - goooood . 
oh heavens , it is so good . 
until now , i thinks good sushi in champaign is wishful thinking . 
good news : we am seated immediately . 
instead , i receives garbage that smells and tastes like rotting fish . 
when i gets home , i tries to purge my mouth with listerine . 
i thinks that the sushi is very good . 
i enjoys the sushi rolls and sashimi . 
the rolls are a good size and very fresh . 
went on a tuesday night , no crowd at all . 
i mostly gets sushi rolls , and those is quite excellent . 
would not recommend families . 
one thing that really bothers me though is the sticky floors . 
our food is very tasty , our chef is very personable and entertaining . 
highly recommends ! 
also the manager checks on our table to make sure everything is going great . 
i would suggests this place to anyone . 
the` open'sign is on and clearly blinking` open ' . 
we ask to be seat at the grill . 
we am refused service and tell they is getting ready to close . 
i don't gets to try the sushi but it sure looks good . 
i has a bento box meal , teriyaki chicken , it is yummy . 
i nice touch is they willing splits the bill . 
would totally recommends it . 
it is strange and somewhat offensive . 
don't forgets to get some green tea ice cream for dessert : ) comes here for my friend's birthday . 
i hears great things about this place so i has high expectations . 
needless to say , i is a bit disappointed . 
the pros : the hibachi chef is very entertaining and friendly . 
overall , the food is decent , service is not great... not impressed i comes here after graduating back in may and my experience is pretty lackluster . 
went with a friend and gets a bento box ( salmon teriyaki ) . 
 `` your order has a lot of complications ( ! ) 
we actually have to leave , i has an appointment. ) 
overpriced , mediocre sushi restaurant that only knows how to sell atmosphere and presentation . 
it is very pretty , neat , and tidies inside . 
i particularly likes the booths with glass tables . 
it compliments the shades of blues on the booths . 
it helps to show a little bit of culture . 
their menus are detailed which helps a lot especially on their drinks menu . 
although i does eyes the japanese dish menus , i is set on sushi . 
we end up waiting over an hour for the sushi . 
they is short staffs . 
only one waiter is going around taking orders and delivering the food . 
my friend gets miso soup , eel roll , and tempura salmon roll . 
i gets a spicy scallop roll , philadelphia roll , and spicy salmon roll . 
the miso is a bit salty . 
the eel roll is tasty . 
the tempura salmon roll is really cute . 
it looks like little tofu squares . 
i makes a mistake by eating that first . 
i thinks that the pieces of fish in the sushi are a good size . 
if i comes back , i would tries i does enjoys the dcor and small twists on the rolls though . 
first off , there is no wait . 
i does seems to take a little too long for my food . 
i orders unagi , ummm , it melts in my mouth ! 
the ahi is good and the spider roll as well . 
this place officially becomes my goes - to birthday dinner _num_ years ago . 
my below average bento box costs a total of$ _num_ too . 
had a great experience . 
adam is our teppan chef and he is amazing . 
food is deliciously seasons and cooks to perfection . 
i left feeling satisfyingly full and in good spirits . 
on a saturday evening , we wait _num_ minutes without anyone taking our orders . 
waited another _num_ minutes , still no one to take our order . 
so we walk out . 
everyone in the restaurant is waiting for his or her food . 
this is on saturday . 
7 : 35 pm arrives and gets seats immediately 7 : 50 pm gets our waters and `` a server is with you shortly '' 7 : 51 - 7 : 59 pm tries to understand what the word `` shortly '' means 8 pm walks out we go to sushi kame and we receive way more attentive service . 
i might visits kamakura again `` shortly '' . 
went to lunch there today and it is awesome as usual . 
my friend and i goes there and order ramen . 
first time my wife and i comes here the service is awful ! 
we see our waiter twice the entire time we am there . 
we have to hunt the waiter down to get our check ! 
went again the 2nd time hoping the service is better... . 
we could all smell trash while sitting there . 
we order drinks and the glass is filled half way ! 
we arrive at 5 pm and we left at 7 pm . 
waiters and waitresses who don't cares drinks fill half glass hibachi food taste burn one bathroom stall trash smelling atmosphere the good : sushi food is good , tristan is a fine chef . 
tried to take my wife for a birthday dinner . 
called for a reservation at 8 pm and don't gets seats until 9 : 15 pm . 
we decide to go elsewhere . 
adam at the teppan table is fantastic . 
everything is really good . 
i would defiantly gets thier house dressing . 
on a down note , our waitress is kind of slow . 
pros : - the staff is very friendly and tries to be helpful . 
 - they don't has a lot of what i is looking for . 
also wants purple gloves , which they don't has either . 
i would imagines there is nothing else like it in downstate illinois . 
so i goes with it . 
the exam seems quick but thorough . 
my glasses are ready in an hour . 
they seems to have a pretty decent selection of designer frames . 
i goes in here for a regular annual eye - exam . 
i is recently at this location and the staff there is friendly and courteous . 
they helps me in all aspects of getting my glasses . 
i is impressed with the knowledge and experience they has . 
the staff is very friendly , especially dr. sanders . 
definitely a great experience and i would highly recommends this place . 
my appointment is for glasses . 
most of the frames is name brand super expensive . 
she charges me an extra$ _num_ for that . 
i feels completely lies to and robs . 
after i left , i notices that there is scratch marks on the metal ! 
i goes to another store and they adjusts my glasses by warming them up . 
did illinis eye not have the capabilities to do that ? 
i really appreciates that . 
dr. sanders help me with the rest of the eye exams . 
maybe because they don't wants to do business with me . 
i spends ms it is such bad luck that i goes to the location . 
this is bothersome , as i prefers how i looks in contacts. ) 
i thinks it is just another attrition that comes with the aging process . 
this tactic works brilliantly for me with regard to contact lenses . 
 ( ha - loves this! ) 
would highly recommends - is back for my next exam ! 
i has a fish sandwich combo here , and i is pretty unimpressed . 
it don't has a lot of flavor . 
their okra is good , though . 
but the fries chicken is not that good . 
it is really dry . 
when i walks in it is not a welcoming atmosphere . 
they acts like i is bothering them and i feels rushes to order . 
i wouldn't recs . 
i is told that the main place in chambana is seaboat . 
instead of fries , i gets greens . 
the flavor is right . 
the service is very friendly as well . 
we am so aggravate we really want to leave or ask for a refund . 
once we finally taste the food we am glad we don't . 
accompanying sides of fries okra and mac n cheese is on spot . 
good tartar sauce but not enough gives . 
the chicken isn't the best i has has has , but still pretty good . 
everything is perfectly fries and includes _num_ sides and a roll . 
we also get an order of catfish nuggets ( $ _num_ ) . 
now those is goooood . 
i has the fish and chips with either whiting or walleye . 
the menus is confusing - wall menu says walleye and prints menu says whiting . 
fries are average , could is crispier . 
potato salad is of the finely chops creamy variety . 
it reminds me a bit of a waldorf salad but is refreshing . 
my companion has two pieces of fries chicken and declares it good . 
we am there when the place isn't busy . 
small tables in the dining area are covered in sticky none - too - clean plastic tablecloths . 
we order take - out and go across the street to hessel park . 
the catfish is good , but just good . 
the roll is unnecessary , green beans are decent/ standard , fries are alright . 
overall , the meal is meh . 
highly recommends ! 
it is neither . 
good food , fried fish , fries chicken . 
do not have the collards or okra . 
it is good food but a little too greasy for my taste . 
i places our order for takes out and sits down and waits . 
the food is just sitting on the counter . 
went here , isn't aware of what time they closes . 
when we pull up the neon sign is lit up and says open . 
the door is unlocked . 
so we go in and waste _num_ min . 
if i could gives _num_ stars i would , or maybe even negative stars . 
the driver is unable to find my house and calls twice for directions . 
i goes fried catfish fillets , fries okra , and collards . 
fish and chicken cooks to order , so definitely is ready to wait . 
would not recommend this restaurant ! 
got ta tries it at least once . 
** closes** so sad but the seaboat sails away . 
this champaign landmark is in business for _num_ years . 
also so long to the staff , you are like family . 
this time , we have a really nice friendly waitress . 
it is disgusting . 
the textures are waxy and the cheese is lardlike . 
while the flavors are bold , they tastes man - makes and has a processes mouth - feel . 
it is to real food what velveeta is to real cheese . 
i is a bit confused on their use of host and hostesess . 
jeff is awesome ! 
made us feels very welcome . 
she apologizes and says no one tells her that we am there . 
i orders bruschetta and salad and my companions have soup and salad . 
but the bruschetta is just awful . 
salad does has pepperoncini peppers , which is a nice touch . 
the waitress is polite but seems to be either new or overwhelmed . 
she never refills any of our drinks and just seems sort of distracted . 
we left her a nice tip though . 
commercial italian - has a gift card so needs to use it . 
moderately prices value for what is presented and always something to bring home no apology , nothing . 
i has soup& salads the other person has alfredo . 
not complicated to pour some sauce on the noodles ! 
had to ask for drink& salad/ bread refils . 
overpriced just `` okay '' italian food . 
went with a friend recently. ) 
other than that , their smokes mozarella fonduta is pretty good . 
the service is the worst i has in some time . 
at that very same time our main entree comes out . 
i then orders another drink . 
one bite in we realize the cheese separates and it is barely warm . 
we have a gift card and we am crusing through on a road trip . 
alexis is great . 
she is new . 
thought she does well . 
service is relatively slow . 
the service is good ( even though the waiter is a bit awkward ) . 
my fiance takes me here for my birthday in august . 
we am immediately seat , so far so good . 
we amn't feeling good about this . 
nuts and bolts : go with the family to celebrate a birthday . 
pros : everybody left content and very full . 
our waiter keeps the breadsticks and salad coming . 
multiple orders of soup are took . 
great price - gets all that food for around$ _num_ plus tip . 
our waiter is very attentive and makes us laughs a few times . 
minestrone is ok . 
he is wonderful . 
the only bright side of this dinner is the pleasant waitress . 
our pizza is mushy and undercooked . 
i couldn't eats it . 
the description is nothing like the actual entree . 
our poor waiter is so over works . 
the blond female manager sends people home and they then gets a rush . 
the funny as heck black bald waiter we is the best . 
he handles _num_ tables with grin and a joke for each . 
he is as fast as he could is . 
the food is okay . 
but our waier honestly makes the visit as good as it is . 
i orders the steak medallion gorgonzola fettuccine alfredo . 
unfortunately , not a good cut of beef as they is tough and chewy . 
he is funny , attentive , and kind... yes . 
we visit 6/6/15 around 6 : 30 - 7 . 
we am seated right away . 
we wait about _num_ mins just to order lemonades . 
our cups sit empty for most of our meal . 
we don't have enough time for our app . 
we explain what happens and we am understanding because the server is relatively new . 
the manager comps our entire meal . 
food is good but our waitress keisha s. is not friendly at all . 
we have to practically beg for refills . 
we have to wait about _num_ minutes on a tuesday night to be seat . 
we am seated and i is quite indecisive about what to get . 
i settles on a builds - your - own - pasta with alfredo/ cream sauce and adds italian sausage . 
i do not like the sausage . 
the thing that really upsets me about the experience though is the service . 
we look at each other and both agrees this meal is unnecessarily rushes . 
asking us what we would like to chose between an apple dish or lemon cake . 
joey is seriously excellent. ) 
she never makes us feels like we am in a rush to leave . 
i asks for my salad with no olives , it has olives . 
i asks for meat sauce with my ravioli , i gets red sauce . 
i asks for a refill on my drink , never gets one . 
she comes to our table maybe _num_ times total . 
water cup tastes soapy _num_ . 
utensils not cleans properly _num_ . 
the garlic and wine sauce is really heavy and not appetizing . 
the garlic bread is super greasy and honestly not very good _num_ . 
 ( side note : the breadsticks are freaking beautiful; inside and out. ) 
the taste though , isn't terrible , but is just average . 
nothing exults pizzazz; so it is just eh . 
they has a great selection , and fantastic service . 
i gets everything i needs quickly and efficiently and with interesting conversation . 
my husband finds the shoes he is looking for . 
the sales associate is funny and interactive . 
my grand daughter loves her shoes and would not take them off . 
she says she looks like a fashion girl : ) a little shop on the triangle where neil street and walnut streets converges . 
they makes great use of the space . 
a friend gives me a tip : their columbian coconut coffee ( wonderful! ) 
me : i thinks you close at _num_ ! 
lost a star for having tea that expires a year ago ! 
the golden moon tea doesn't tastes like anything i buys from golden moon . 
the teas i buys from the jar taste stale and bad . 
i also loves the array of chocolate they has . 
it would makes a great place to go to find some uniquely delicious gifts . 
so many of my favorite elements comes together in this store . 
got tea ? 
went to visit this place for the first time yesterday and i is impressed . 
i buys a couple ounces and can't waits to try it ! 
found this place on accident while in town for work . 
the wait is interminable as a result . 
i stops in here and gets a bag of my favorites . 
you choose to work there , treat the customers with some respect and patience ! 
i just wishes they is a little bigger and stocks more things . 
pros : clean , well stocks cons : prices more expensive than chinatown , chicago . 
sadly , most of their constituency wouldn't cares or notices . 
was sadly disappointed . 
sadly no other steak cut options . 
i has a great dinner experience . 
the service is more than attentive . 
had a really nice glass of wine . 
just the way i wants it . 
great on all counts except the decor could really uses updating . 
the ribeye is a low grade supermarket cut . 
we arrive around 4 : 15 . 
noticed there is quite a few people already there . 
that not being a problem we am promptly seat . 
and she certainly eats her worth of$ _num_ salads bar and more . 
anyway , i orders the _num_ oz . 
when it comes out on the sizzling skillet it is more like well does . 
it is hard to cut and totally dries out . 
my server notices that i isn't happy and offers to get another one . 
the salad bar is good . 
it is moist and delicious . 
when i is there the restaurant is very busy and extremely noisy . 
perhaps a hamburger or meatloaf type order would is safer . 
coleslaw would is on par with that available in a chain supermarket deli . 
update : has to go again because my aunt is insane . 
knowing how bad the steak is , i orders the shrimp . 
would highly recoms the ribeye for a classy , illini - themed restaurant any day . 
i has tries ribeye at other places and arnts that good . 
we do not make a reservation and walk in . 
seeing we am not leaving , the hostess seats us within _num_ minutes . 
this is a friday evening . 
our waitress is extremely pleasant and takes great care of us . 
we order a beer on tap and of course , the ribeye . 
the salad bar is great , but way too small . 
i orders the _num_ oz . 
ribeye while my husband orders the _num_ oz . 
it is a good cut of meat and well - aged but it is just good . 
with two steaks and two beers our bill is$ _num_ . 
i is impressed . 
we have the ribeye , shrimp and chicken entrees . 
all is very good . 
the service is very good . 
the salad bar is excellent . 
they has a delicious assortment of salads and pasta and even some fruit . 
i has the chicken and shrimp meal and it is also delicious . 
overpriced for the quality . 
would goes back only for the salad bar . 
 `` what would you get? '' 
first time out of maybe a hundred i don't gets a good recommendation . 
it is going towards medium well . 
the salad bar is the only redeeming quality . 
plus the peal at the bottom is rock hard so i could eats it . 
i gets the 10 oz ribeye and it is a perfect medium rare . 
service is good no real complaints there . 
the small loaves of bread is hot coming to the table . 
i has one slice - average . 
the best thing going on is the salad bar and even it lacks . 
by that i means the lettuce is tired . 
however a good variety of other things is there . 
and that it is walking distance from the hotel . 
what i don't expects is a thin cut of ribeye . 
it is prepared exactly as i orders but there isn't much flavor . 
service is good and its walking distance from the hotel . 
the twice baked potato is very good . 
the steak is good as well . 
salad bar is all you can eat with a decent selection of toppings . 
i orders mine medium , expecting a juicy , pink center . 
i orders the steak fries , which isn't seasons at all . 
the decor is hilarious incongruous with the prices . 
the service is great , and the staff is very accommodating . 
the ribeye says it is no problem . 
the salad bar is good too . 
our server , ashleigh , is attentive and personable . 
danica my server is very attentive and knowledgeable . 
great salad bar and the twice baked potato is full of flavor . 
otherwise , i would never goes here . 
admittedly is years since eats there but not much seasoning on steak . 
salad bar is good . 
even with the full house we do not have a long wait . 
the clientele is a mixture of older couples and slightly depressed game goers . 
i has not sees those things since the grade school cafeteria ! 
i orders a _num_ oz . 
so orders the _num_ oz . 
they is not bad , but they is not sauts . 
seriously , my steak looks like it belongs on a philly cheesesteak . 
came here because it is close to my hotel . 
steak is below average and service is lacking . 
i would not return . 
why does it takes us so long to discover old time ? 
oh and does i mentions the twice baked potatoes ? 
awesome meat case with great steaks , marinated chicken and homemade sausage . 
just wishes they is open on sunday so i could loads up my cooler ! 
once , i has them gets me some quail . 
i comes here looking for salmon and is really really impressed . 
it certainly tastes like that. ) 
i loves this store , i finds my kind of clothes there . 
the store is clean and so where the dressing rooms . 
i can't waits to go back there.i could spends hundreds of dollars there . 
very nice , yet crowded kohls . 
i purchases the fila work shoes . 
it is weird . 
mine is from rain . 
so , i gets _num_ new shirts . 
again , i walks with _num_ shirts . 
i also gets _num_ new pairs of trousers ( who still says trousers? ) 
i gets some new white socks , and some new plain black tshirts . 
so that is nice . 
highly recommends if you have tons of questions . 
so , goes there the first time and thinks the manager is great ! 
called and complains about the situation . 
they couldn't even offers anything else ! 
best pet store i has is too . 
friendly , knowledgeable , efficient and decently prices . 
i still buys the dechlorinator , though . 
i gets my first gold fish for my start up aquarium from here . 
some reviews mention too pricey and customer waits time to get help . 
i says if i could helps it we would not spend money there anymore . 
unfortunately we have a gift certificate . 
i could says the same thing of the owner , john . 
you can't beat the service here and the prices are fair . 
i would suggests that knitters near and far visit this gem . 
spent quite a while in here and loves it . 
really enjoys my visit here . 
this free service saves me money for a service call . 
dropped in on a random tuesday night . 
these guys do it right . 
drove back to autozone to return the jump starter and buys the battery . 
both displays excellent customer service , which is not so common these days . 
highly recommends - with a shout out for their fantastic customer service ! 
big city diamond quality and selection with great local family owns service ! 
i gets marries ! 
in that short , frantic time , we keep thinking , `` hmm . 
so we end up going to browne am the tuesday before the sunday wedding . 
she tells us she 'd has them in by friday . 
which we do , and it is beautiful . 
the prices are good , considering the current market for gold . 
i has has is marries for _num_ years now , engages for over _num_ . 
they finds a loose diamond ! 
i left my rings with them . 
their selection and quality would is hard to find anywhere else in town . 
* edit* since i writes this , i picks up my rings . 
the setting is fixed and the metal is replated on both rings . 
the replating and the fixes setting don't costs me a dime . 
never even comes out of his hole in the back . 
i goes here to have a battery changes in my watch . 
went to sell my jewelry and they gives a fair price . 
it takes several phone calls and an in - person meeting to get my money back . 
they is extremely rude when my roommate and i calls them . 
i moves in to my apartment on august _num_ . 
when i opens the door the stench is overpowering . 
honestly , i sprints to the window to start airing it out . 
it smells like the last tenant is someone with _num_ cats . 
and that is nothing compares to the fact it is so so dirty . 
there is even stains on the walls . 
i moves in on a saturday afternoon . 
i spends saturday night in a smelly apartment with no power . 
she tells me to call my landlord . 
i now has power . 
lived in _num_ n busey and regrets every single day . 
first they gives trashy apartment without cleaning . 
while i spends _num_ days on cleaning it when moves out . 
i could challenges them to show even little sign of dirt . 
the apartment is dirty when we move in . 
and the rain drops in our apartment . 
every time they says they 'll comes and fixes it but they never does . 
by the way , a raccoon comes to our living place a day ago . 
we try really hard to keep it away . 
i thinks it is a thief break in ! 
lastly , my friend comes to visit me in summer . 
so my friend parks at an empty lot . 
so who calls to tow the car ? 
and i gets a notice from the landlord not my car gets tows . 
for a while , everything i has to furnish/ decorates my house is from there . 
finally , five weeks after this first begins , i flips . 
perhaps it is all the coffee at aroma . 
and i thinks , `` what the hell is i gon na does now ? 
i paids$ _num_ for a piece of outdated , racist iconography . 
i emancipates mammy . 
you find a part of you you think you 'd lose . 
it is kind of like walking through a museum . 
i finds my boyfriend a silk shirt for ten bucks . 
apparently i comes for opening weekend of their new store . 
i decides to investigate . 
this store relocates to lincoln square in to a new space . 
hence why people is munching outside . 
i could cos - s owns a store ! 
did ya looks down the hallway , asshole ? 
some other tribe of marketing - for - dummies - reading diarrhea - variety - shit - for - brains idiots already jumps on that loser train . 
maybe it is the overall lack of options . 
the people isn't friendly or helpful . 
i uses to be more impressed with the common ground food co - op . 
it is infuriating . 
i has to ignore her behavior constantly . 
common grounds selection seems very average . 
we unexpectedly find ourselves about _num_ miles north of urbana for a week . 
i 'll definitely is back , and might considers becoming an owner . 
wish i lives closer , i would goes there alot more . 
i shops here one year ago for couple of times . 
i decides to become an `` organic '' vegan in early october . 
i goes there 11/8 . 
but , they all locally grows or organic . 
the new cafe in the store is great . 
friendly service and the food is very tasty . 
i would highly recommends the hot roast beef sandwich with carmelized onions . 
the expansion does a lot for their prices in the way of shelf items . 
i even gets a recommendation of one employee's favorite kale . 
my wife grows up in the urbana - area . 
inspired , hearty , so good . 
today , it decides it don't wants to be reads . 
eventually she says it is on the house . 
i might does it again . 
took a cooking class making chard and mushrooms pasta . 
besides being gives the recipe for this dish , the instructor has additional handouts . 
we would otherwise have to buy those two items online . 
very happy someone at the market tells me about this place on saturday . 
stopped in to get some dates , hummus , guac , & salsa . 
the staff seems really nice . 
the next day my radiator tank is completely empty . 
truly a dishonest and compromises garage . 
hard to find the departments you need - they could improves layout and signage . 
never does sees the men's shoe department . 
improvements needs in the top department - i is looking for more casual items . 
also the owner& staff is extremely helpful . 
i lucks out and finds this while working in champaign . 
ridiculously overprices . 
don't comes here . 
i definitely don't feels welcome . 
they gives me the run around . 
i would gives it zero stars if that s an option ! 
we show up at 7 : 50 am . 
there is around _num_ people waiting ! 
we am stranded at the bus stop for _num_ hours in the cold wind ! 
it is chaotic as people jostles each other to get on the bus . 
it also smells a lot like weed when i gets off one night . 
been in here to look for stencils . 
they don't carries any . 
prices seem about right for a privately own art shop . 
super helpful owner and staff even checks manufacturers'sites to confirm acid - free . 
and then you wouldn't are full of so much negative energy . 
what else could you need ? 
i takes in two down - fills winter coats , they takes about _num_ days . 
i goes in for their fluff and folds service . 
i uses the fluff and folds service _num_ times . 
the first time , i is missing some pants . 
so that forces me to go there again . 
the first time occurs a few months ago . 
the second time occurs this week . 
my husband brings in a suit and a$ _num_ coupon . 
the fee for the suit is$ _num_ . 
well , they charges him once for$ _num_ and again for$ _num_ ! 
i drives down there with receipts . 
tony , the manager , says his records show i is refunded... twice . 
on the hanger is a tag noting that it is to simply is presses . 
i brings the dress to starcrest just to see what they could does . 
they gets the stains out and saves the day ! 
i kills one that is on one of my washers with a dryer sheet . 
when i goes to pick up my dry cleaning , the cover is went . 
kinda expensive but they does a good job . 
this is maybe the best dental experience i has has ever has . 
i actually really learns a lot ! 
it is a totally lovely experience . 
the building and office might not be the newest , but really who cares ? 
i also really appreciates that he isn't pushing expensive treatments and adds - ons . 
then i calls allied . 
they keeps calling each other `` sir , '' that cracks me up . 
i uses their moving service for my move to south carolina . 
they is professional , helpful and punctual . 
they wrappeds all my furniture and packs it carefully . 
we have only _num_ broken item which is a metal shoe rack . 
great movers and i uses them again if i could gives these movers a zero , i would . 
so we used these folks - - it is a disaster from the beginning . 
when we get to atlanta the guys moves everything into place . 
after two hours the movers never show . 
despite all the haggling no one ever apologizes . 
absolute waste of time contacting allies . 
the phone lackey brags about their bbb rating . 
she promises a quote the next day , which i never receives . 
no one from allies ever contacts me again . 
if i could rates this company zero stars , i would . 
i gets an awesome _num_ 's vinyl couch for _num_ $ ! 
they recently starts taking credit via square reader in their new downtown champaign location . 
did i really starts this review like that ? 
the regular waitress is awesome and knows what we want . 
got the t - shirt . 
i also goes to the other newer location in downtown champaign . 
and more amazed you love it . 
the food is just okay , nothing to rave about . 
merry ann's version pales in comparison . 
i gives them another shot a few weeks later , this time for lunch . 
the peas are from a can . 
then i looks at the merry ann's menu and . 
i is very impressed with that . 
i ends up waiting ten more minutes after we finish our other food . 
but the pancakes are delicious - - fluffy and wonderful . 
the orange juice is terrible . 
it is room temperature when she serves it . 
the food is pretty standard . 
my special comes with a very large portion of hash browns . 
or i could is projecting . 
he has the diner stack , biscuits on the bottom , eggs scramble . 
i has _num_ eggs over medium with bacon , hashbrowns , and toast . 
service is excellent . 
our waitress is very friendly , and our food arrives promptly . 
their$ _num_ orange juice is pulp - less , waters down concentrate . 
crispy yet soft , i could has has has platters of this thing . 
what goes wrong ? 
wow i also gets a biscuit to go with it . 
eggs so fresh you 'd think they has the chickens out back . 
highly recommends . 
and you might only gain one pound . 
i enjoys everything about it . 
i likes that they always asks if we want our checks split . 
i likes the menus that never changes , except for when they gets laminates . 
i likes watching the cooks assemble a stack like an artist at work . 
but to me it is more than just that . 
the time i spends at merry ann's is always... comforting . 
walked into merry - ann's for breakfast on saturday . 
there is no sign to indicate method of seating . 
i stands there while several staff stands idly behind the counter . 
they looks me in the eye but never acknowledges my presence . 
i waits a bit and then left . 
i goes to merry - ann's for the first time on sunday morning . 
i also gets a half - order of gravy and a biscuit , plus a coffee . 
the bacon is by far the most disappointing part of the meal . 
it is just flavorless and gross . 
everything else makes up for it , though . 
the hilton razes the restaurant as part of its renovation . 
i could of eats cheaper at home with the same ingredients . 
restaurant review i would has to say that the wait staff is top notch . 
the hashbrown is oily , no real crispy to it . 
the sausage and eggs is good without complaint . 
overall with the oil and salt , it is somewhat difficult to eat . 
this time , we go to the merry ann's on neil street . 
server is very nice about remaking it . 
the customer service is just that bad . 
the front door has greasy finger/ hand - prints all over it . 
when i points it out to the waitress , she just shrugs . 
this place is so good . 
almost reminds me of the waffle house back at home . 
it is clean and the service is so nice . 
so i orders the first picture i sees that looks appetizing - fish tacos . 
but our waiter sucks . 
he actually yawns while repeating our order . 
the salad is good and so is the bread sticks . 
however , we am not ask if we want more . 
the server is invisible . 
every time we want something we could not find our server . 
he also takes my salad before i is did with . 
he just takes it . 
he don't bothers to ask me if i is did with it . 
he just snatches it while i isn't looking . 
there is still a lot left . 
but , we am there for over an hour . 
they is so slow . 
they is really salty and just... well , not good . 
we also split a burger , which is decent , but very very heavy . 
i is just excited that my side salad isn't all iceberg - bonus ! 
absolutely the best fries chicken in town . 
i comes with a couple of friends and orders a frozen margarita . 
her reaction is what sours the experience . 
she does , and the meal is fine . 
i has a cheeseburger and fries , and it is pretty good . 
i likes the fried green bean appetizer with wasabi ranch sauce quite a bit . 
the real shock comes at the end of the meal . 
yesterday , i orders carryout chipotle yucatan salad for lunch . 
the menu says the salad includes cilantro and avocado . 
i gets exactly _num_ tiny chunks of avocado and zero cilantro . 
in addition , it is a hot mess . 
i would recommends it to my friends . 
the arrival of our food is the second disappointment of the night . 
the best example of this is one of my friend's pasta dishes . 
needless to say , he finishes it but still goes home hungry . 
why would you choose t.g.i . 
the service is bad and the food is worse . 
we get the _num_ for$ _num_ deal . 
i orders some sort of pasta alfredo with chicken . 
it is one of the smallest portions i has has ever gets in a restaurant . 
the pasta is so overcooked it is mushy . 
the chicken is so overcooked i could barely cuts into it . 
closed . 
well i forgets i posts that it is closed . 
i manages to get them to come back to champaign , il they is now locates up by the market place mall . 
still , it is pretty good . 
we also have two glasses of french hard apple cider : deliciou . 
we go to carmon's for sunday brunch and the place is packed ! 
so packed , in fact , that the service suffers noticeably . 
well , i gets the alone time , not so much the scrumptious meal . 
the$ _num_ side salad is lovely . 
a nice change of pace for brunch - - simple selections do well . 
we especially love the complimentary bread with butter with smoked sea salt - - - delicious . 
the escargots are quite good as well . 
everything is either really , really good or really , really bad . 
it is pretty trashy for the otherwise very nice atmosphere . 
all portions are generous , perfectly cooked and quick to the table . 
the creamed spinach is smooth , sophisticated and rich . 
and it is . 
did i mentions the totally funky cool decor and friendly staff ? 
it is absolutely amazing ! 
carmon's is the restaurant gem hides away in champaign . 
i also has some coffee which is obviously fresh - brews . 
the waitress is kind and attentive and the atmosphere is layered back . 
so i expects slow service . 
the food is standard . 
and i asks for cheddar on top - what the hell ? 
$ _num_ for shitty american shreds cheese ? 
beautifully decorates . 
the one thing that is good is the crepe suzette . 
we am placed in the corner of the restaurant too . 
she then disappears for the entire meal and comes back only for the check . 
we left the discount card on the table . 
walking in , we have a good feeling . 
i orders a$ _num_ ham and cheese crepe . 
once they takes his empty soup bowl away , the wait begins . 
we am not encourage . 
we probably do not get our food for another 20 - 30 minutes . 
and again , there is _num_ other parties of _num_ in the restaurant . 
while we wait , no one comes to update us . 
no one even looks at us . 
mine is unevenly heated and very salty . 
we each orders coffee , which takes about _num_ minutes to bring out . 
the whips cream is also makes fresh and delightful . 
the prices are horridded though . 
service is relaxed and friendly but not slow . 
my parents both enjoy the coffee . 
we go for dinner on a sunday night . 
we am three of five customers in the restaurant , which is off - putting . 
the crepes are great . 
the service is great . 
was quite jolly . 
it is an excellent choice and certainly unique . 
the waiter is comical and super friendly , and the service is perfect . 
i samples the quiche and my own breakfast - esque version of a crepe . 
both is delicious . 
i also enjoys the complimentary bread& butter with roasted sea salt . 
went here for a weekend brunch with my boyfriend a few weeks ago now . 
both our crepes are delicious ! 
things not to miss : curries cauliflower soup split pea soup the pate/ salad plate and any crepe with `` two fries eggs '' on top . 
so i likes carmon's . 
i would assigns it a few demerits , but mostly gold stars . 
i would likes to try more crepes at a future visit . 
it is just very layers back and , well , french ! 
the stroganoff crepe is delicious , as is the nutella crepe for dessert . 
to our delight , they shifts us there without a fuss . 
highly recommends ! 
today i has a wonderful goat cheese quiche . 
it is the special and comes with a salad . 
unfortunately , i has no room left for one of their delicious dessert crepes . 
we have a super afternoon at carmon's ! 
we stumble across carmon's on our way from chicago to new orleans . 
houdini performs there back in the day ! 
i takes my children here while visiting my sister in champaign . 
i is expecting something along the lines of the normal children's museum . 
it is nothing like it . 
the place is dark and dingy . 
it needs a thorough cleaning . 
i is afraid to let my children play with the toys there . 
we could barely fill up _num_ minutes here . 
the water interactive display has no water in it . 
the sand exhibit is missing some sand . 
my family comes here saturday for the willy wonka chocolate experience - what a joke ! 
upon entering the main room to pay , the cost is$ 9/ person . 
i is wrong . 
there is about _num_ people crams into the main room , paying . 
charlie and the chocolate factory is playing , but there is no volume . 
there is nothing resembling the chocolate factory . 
that is the first experience . 
why does they even needs the bag ? 
where is the oompa loompas and chocolate ? 
the only chocolate i sees is a drawing of a chocolate fountain . 
the whole thing takes less than 1/2 hour . 
we complain and am reluctantly give our money back . 
this is a joke - do not take your kids here . 
to begin with , the place is dirty . 
it looks like no one cares about it . 
there is no exhibits , few plays stations and fewer that actually works . 
there is absolutely nothing to commend itself about this place . 
what toys they is either breaks or of little entertainment value . 
and our allergies start to act up . 
we have such a great morning at this children's museum ! 
our visit lasts about _num_ hours and i recommends this as a family destination ! 
i wouldn't recommends it . 
we come as a family outing over the holidays . 
my three kids 9 , 7 , and _num_ finds plenty to interest them . 
a birthday party is just wrapping up while we wait for opening time . 
my teenage daughter and i really enjoys the momentum machine on the lower level . 
we am so dizzy but keep trying it out over and over again ! 
that don't deters us from trying everything though ! 
laid back . 
laid back place . 
i orders the chilequiles , which i has ms a bit particular about . 
and i is delighted. '
t is nice to see a cool , friendly environment . 
i is delighted . 
this is awful . 
base on the reviews from this site we decide to check it out . 
when the food shows up it is just as bland as the chips . 
it is the straw that breaks the camel's back . 
this place is poppin ! 
we have to park in the dallas and co . 
overall , the food though isn't that great . 
three stars for the food , and an extra for the great margaritas; i picks _num_ stars , which means , according to yelp , `` yay ! 
our server is really nice and attentive . 
last night we go there and i gets chicken tacos . 
they is so horrible that i only takes one bite . 
they is that bad . 
the chicken tastes like it is could . 
i is disappointed . 
the ambience is fine . 
it is bright and kitschy in ways i finds endearing . 
a soggy fry job on a cimichanga : death warms over . 
ordered a carnitas burrito with beans and rice . 
this place reminds me of burrito king . 
tried the fish filet dinner with rice/ pinto beans . 
it is great , and way too much ! 
friend don't likes the black beans much though . 
my husband has the mixed fajitas , and enjoys them . 
portion is huge , and we bring about half of it home . 
i has the pozole and alex taco . 
both is flavorful . 
pozole has a nice amount of spice . 
the rice is drenched in grease . 
it even smells bad as the waiter puts it in front of me . 
i actually gasps . 
the salsas are good . 
had the vegetarian fajitas , and my wife has the chicken burrito . 
we both have the black beans . 
back in those days , i has not yet is to many authentic taquerias . 
so i thinks fiesta is amazing . 
but then again , i also thinks does res are awesome . 
i becomes a bit of a mexican restaurant snob . 
i moves away , has many many amazing mexican dishes during my travels . 
moved back to cu a couple years ago . 
done ! 
would not return : ( i orders the chiles rellenos and is pretty disappointed . 
ingredients seem low - quality and overall preparation is subpar . 
everything is drowned in a red sauce that tastes can . 
however , our server is a really nice guy . 
my beef burrito is mostly beans and almost no beef . 
$ _num_ pacifico beer is a plus . 
chips and salsa - bad has to sprinkle salt on em for flavor ! 
lol the cebollitos on the tacos are so amazing ! 
not very authentic , and my rice is severely undercooked . 
they uses yellow cheese on my tacos . 
i comes here pretty often my junior year at the u of i . 
been going here since they first opens more than _num_ years ago . 
what attracts me the most is their ( huge ) margarita menu . 
first of all , the drank . 
it is delicious . 
the food tastes great , but it isn't exactly authentic . 
always wants to try this place . 
met friends here . 
shared the asada relleno meal , chile relleno , and horchata . 
loved their horchata; very milky . 
it comes with free refills . 
liked the meat in the asada relleno . 
the chile relleno is good , a bit sour . 
our server is very friendly . 
service is 4~ 5 star . 
we order a horchata , a burrito dinner and the el presidente . 
the horchata is so good ! 
i uses to work in new mexico and really enjoys new mexican food . 
i likes the chicken taco in the el presidente . 
the chicken is very juicy . 
however , the steak in my enchilada is on the drier side . 
each dish could is two meals for an adult . 
would loves to try their margaritas in my next visit . 
my experience with amtrak is surprisingly pleasant . 
once it is delayed four hours . 
i is not happy . 
except wish i invests in a good pair of noise - canceling headphones . 
the bus takes over four hours . 
a _num_ foot winnebago would costs about$ _num_ . 
did i mentions i has ms having a slow day at work ? 
but the reason i goes for four stars is one man : `` mr . 
i is definitely disappoints there . 
come on , now ) . 
last time i takes amtrak anywhere it is to chicago from champaign . 
the crew on the trains is always very pleasant and eager to please . 
the food in the diner car is outstanding . 
train arrives over an hour late : ( . 
but that staff there is nice and helpful . 
andy is tows the car within _num_ minutes of the call . 
all these problems melts away , however , when we try sam's . 
even my middle eastern friend is impressed . 
the food is good though . 
small chicken breast pieces , fries in a garlic sauce . 
recommended . 
a mixture of some sort and then fries , tastes strange . 
by far the best food they has . 
it is ok . 
it is ok . 
they is friendly and nice people . 
oh well , i orders it anyway . 
it is very good and piping hot . 
we each order a breakfast special and then split an order of french toast . 
it is a tasty breakfast on a cold , rainy day . 
our total is about as pleasing as the french toast . 
the food is fast and good . 
the food is great . 
bacon is fresh and the right balance of crispy without being overdone . 
but really , why would you are ? 
full meals for under$ _num_ ... how could you resist ? 
i goes here for breakfast and i is quite happy . 
i has a bacon and cheese omelette and hash browns . 
it is inexpensive and very tasty . 
for a while they serves lebonese food on some evenings but stops doing that . 
it is excellent , high quality and reasonably prices . 
did you know the specials are here at the top ? 
did you read what i writes there ? 
it is definitely pretty amazing . 
basically hash browns , they is delicious . 
still , we am in and out within an hour . 
it feels cramps . 
once we settle into our little nook i feels more comfortable . 
this hole - in - the - wall is a great find . 
service is fast and friendly , customers are a little gruff , but nice . 
food is great for this greasy spoon . 
we have t - bone steaks and french toast for breakfast . 
not a long wait for anything and reasonably prices . 
so glad i remembers seeing yelp reviews of sam's . 
the kids split an order of french toast and i has the breakfast special . 
service is perfunctory but that could is owing to the place being so busy . 
coffee is decent . 
ordered the western omelet . 
the american fries are a soggy mess and also without flavor . 
did these reviewers eat the same stuff as i does ? 
there is nothing remotely commendable about it . 
it is soggy and relatively flavorless . 
i tries it with and without syrup . 
french toast is hid like a pancake . 
we all agree that it is fantastic and full of charm . 
i orders the ribeye and eggs breakfast with a half order of french toast . 
regardless of how its makes , its wonderful . 
met sam as he is busy at the grill . 
paul and i goes in to order some burgers . 
the staff is very attentive . 
i borrows a pen to start my food diary . 
i notices a saint perches above the grill . 
he offters to share one with me for protection . 
he says i should places it above a door way of my home . 
the coffee is really good too and my bacon and eggs is delicious . 
pancakes are my favorite ! 
the server is very friendly , and the food is brought out quickly . 
we two ppl order _num_ things . 
we am completely disappointed and frustrate afterwards . 
so we sit down and the service is just terrible . 
he talks way too fast and barely gives us time to respond . 
don't likes him at all . 
it is edible , sure , but delicious ? 
* another problem we have here . 
all i is coffee causes i has ms not a huge breakfast kinda guy... but the coffee is awesome ! 
the rest of the gang orders omelettes , and french toast and both looks superb . 
that means that we wait around fifty minutes for our food . 
it might looks runs down or old , but everything looks clean . 
the server is nice and attentive . 
my husband always orders denver omelette where we am here . 
i is skeptical the french toast could is the best in the world . 
they is amazing , perfect and the best i has ever has . 
stopped through champaign on our way back to iowa from indiana . 
whole family has breakfast . 
every item orders rocks ! 
french toast is unlike any i has has eats... is simply amazing ! 
well , the waiter is really nice . 
stood in there for twenty minutes before anyone notices us . 
four tables without people , all cover with plates and trash . 
we am told it would is awhile because there is no tables . 
the wait person is prompt and friendly . 
the food is just s bit too greasy and eggs is over cooked . 
it is amazing , to say the least . 
i orders eggs , sausage and gus 'famous french toast . 
this is the best tasting panfrench - cake toast i ever has . 
they fixes a broken door handle on my car . 
and they delivers . 
they repairs the right side of my car which sustains multiple dents . 
central il auto body does a wonderful job fixing my car . 
i has extensive damage to the roof of my new toyota . 
they replaces and repairs everything to perfect condition ! 
kept me informs through the entire process which is an adds benefit . 
definitely recommends ! 
charlie at central il auto body is very courteous and thorough during my estimate . 
highly recommends . 
brought my mom's car in . 
i expects to pick it up the next day . 
they has it ready to go in just over an hour . 
the mushroom cheeseburger is my favorite , and the fries - oh . 
i would gives my left arm for a murphy burger on some days . 
however , they is delicious . 
their burgers make me real sick once but i gets over it . 
got the turkey burger , yumm ! 
then refills of said beer are only _num_ ! 
most of the time its pretty relaxed and quiet . 
first of all , i already mentions their beer on tap . 
i has their turkey burger while my friends have the regular cheeseburgers . 
we basically scarf down our meals including the yummy fries . 
if you are visiting u of i , definitely hits up this place ! 
a campus tradition , with all kinds of stuff carves into the booths . 
i is in champaign last week , on a wednesday evening . 
murphy's is the only place with their kitchen open after 10 pm . 
i orders a mega bacon cheeseburger and fries . 
service here is terrible . 
nevertheless , i is okay with my fish sandwich . 
what i is served is a ridiculously gross , flavorless hockey puck . 
irish nachos comes in huge servings . 
the first rating is over - generous . 
1st example 2nd example crowds for unofficial so i has ms sure they is stressed . 
he is pissed . 
my bartender is helpful and super nice ! 
used to go before we hit the club . 
i remembers thursday is like an unofficial international day . 
food is cold . 
almost breaks a tooth on a french fry . 
place is dirty . 
date of original review : 09/11/2014* bases off of visits from august _num_ - may_ nums_ the food and drink selections are great and fairly price . 
the female bartender that takes our lunch order has zero personality . 
dropped in on a saturday afternoon and the place is empty . 
we look at the menu and standard bar food nothing different than others . 
most likely a lively place later and could is decent to hang . 
just do not work this time . 
it is almost _num_ in the afternoon and i sits at a pub table . 
my sleeve gets sticks to the table . 
a voice comes from behind the bar that says . 
i gets up and grabs a couple menu's . 
looked it over and says . 
good beer selection for campus town and reasonably prices . 
lots of vandalizes light wood . 
i is stunned . 
we wait an unusually long time for two burgers . 
eh , this place is alright . 
these is a rendition of the cheese curd but a very sub par one . 
next off , i has the burger . 
i orders the mushroom burger which is the tuesday special . 
the fries are mediocre at best . 
i is here on business and decides to stop in for a drink . 
a few people in the group orders food and says it isn't bad . 
from seeing the burgers , they looks pretty decent actually . 
the process of ordering food is interesting . 
always has a great time . 
the only thing i isn't too happy about is the service . 
it is quite slow . 
it seems like they is a little understaffed . 
bar tenders are super cool and friendly . 
awesome service and good prices for whatever domestics are on tap . 
for two days i wonders how i burns my mouth . 
plus the bartender is friendly and the specials are pretty good . 
did they reads reviews and decides to show up ? 
i has the gypsy skillet and i thinks it is dry . 
the flavor is good for the most part . 
the onions are overwhelming and there is too many potatoes and not enough mushrooms . 
i also asks for my eggs to not be runny and they is . 
i only gives them two stars because that is what i truly feels . 
i might changes my mind when and if i goes back again . 
we am super hungry initially , but omg am we stuff afterwards ! 
which is so great ! 
they has a wide variety of dishes , and many healthy options . 
my only complaint is the `` fresh squeezes '' orange juice . 
i has to say , i is pleasantly surprised by le peep's brunch. ) 
 , and i is really happy with my granola blueberry pancakes . 
he isn't so friendly and he cuts us off while talking . 
today i goes and gets their seafood crepes for$ _num_ . 
i uses to frequent le peep . 
that is so generous of her . 
i answers no . 
she asks the same question to the lady behind me that paids . 
this breakfast spot has big shoes to fill . 
the le peep up near northwestern is one of my favorites . 
i goes for the irish benedict and a cafe mocha . 
i has the ham melt without mushroom and tomato . 
my husband gets the denver skillet ( $ _num_ ) . 
i tries the potatoes in it and they is good . 
i has the raz ma taz smoothie and it is great . 
we have a coupon so it is worth the visit . 
breakfasted at lepeep on saturday . 
service is good . 
the pancake special sounds delicious : bacon and pecan . 
ordered one . 
it is okay . 
as i says , food is mediocre . 
visited le peep yesterday ( 5/2/2012 ) . 
both i and my guest experiences marvelous food . 
pictures of both are took and upload . 
hers looks fantastic . 
my omelette is excellent . 
melty cheese that is great . 
and the ham is great . 
we am treated like royalty . 
i takes my best buddy here for breakfast today . 
i figures i 'd gives the chambana le peep a whirl . 
i orders the `` wheat '' pancakes . 
our food comes rather quickly for a sunday morning . 
they is in fact regular old un - nutritious pancakes with wheat germ delicately sprinkles atop . 
the potatoes are okay . 
my friend says her meal is alright . 
the waitress is nice and attentive . 
she makes sure our drinks are never empty and she is pleasant . 
would i returns ? 
had the seafarer ! 
breakfast , an omelet , is very average and the service is fair . 
there is a _num_ min waits which in my opinion is not bad . 
everything sounds tasty . 
it don't disappoints . 
upon delivery it is piping hot and visually pleasant . 
each bite is good mmmm good . 
the menu is extensive but what i orders is nothing special . 
had breakfast here today and the food is delicious . 
i has french toast and it is very tasty . 
the bathrooms are very clean . 
ordered the fruit cakes& they is totally uninspired . 
wish i finds this place sooner . 
service is a tad slow . 
i is with four others , and we all order something different . 
yum but it is _num_ % potatoes . 
coworker has something hollandaise and says it is average . 
flavored coffee is awesome . 
the french toast is above average . 
also tries the garden omelette which is very light and also delicious . 
service is excellent , and prices are also very good . 
hearing only good things about this place , i has relatively high expectations . 
i first orders a strawberry creme smoothie . 
it comes in a chilled glass mug . 
upon first sip , i could tastes the strawberries . 
the food is served within 10 - 15 minutes . 
and dear god , does the combination of both hits the spot ! 
the waiter/ waitresses is very attentive . 
they messes it up . 
when a younger man , i don't cares for le peep . 
well , some _num_ years later i tries le peep again . 
so on saturday i orders the la petit french toast . 
this is more like` heated bread ' . 
these reminds me of pancakes at ihop : bland tasting black holes for syrup . 
another reviewer says lp is like pancakes house only more expensive . 
and such thing happens for two times already ! 
i has no idea gravy could is that good . 
always has eggs benedict . 
sometimes i is craving for their french toast originally i would gives this place _num_ or _num_ stars . 
i asks if i could has a side salad with extra veggies . 
i is told no to every possibility i comes up with . 
the server seems annoyed and don't assists me with any other options . 
i ends up with _num_ eggs and a bowl of plain oatmeal . 
got the down home county pie more like down home delicious brunch ! 
i would recommends this place . 
my spinnaker omelet is good , just meets expectations . 
huevos rancheros are a scramble , not the usual presentation of eggs easy over . 
my daughter in law says its really just a fancy denny's . 
service is fast . 
i orders the eggs benedicts , and is not at all disappointed . 
there is even hot sauce already on the table ! 
the berry compote is nice and the sour cream is a fun touch . 
would i goes again ? 
the food is edible , and the restaurant is clean and bright . 
came with a group of _num_ with no reservation . 
it is busy but we am seated within _num_ minutes . 
i goes with the stuffs french toast . 
the eggs are good and the fruit is fresh . 
only checkout is that checks out is a bit chaotic . 
pecan coffee is a nice adds touch . 
sir benedict omelet is delicious . 
the shamrock eggs benedicts is a 10/10 . 
the potatoes aren't bad , despite being a little overcooked and salty . 
this time i has the raspberry flavour . 
it is amazing . 
only issue i is no bike parking . 
so , i goes to their website and selects two options . 
we arrive around _num_ on friday and am quickly seat . 
but , then comes a surprise . 
the items mention on website are not their on menu . 
my anxiety level is high , as i hates when my plan fails . 
i loves both . 
all of them is great le peep is one of the best forgets restaurants in champaign . 
our waitress molly is especially so . 
i gets the banana walnut pancakes with a side of links and eggs . 
we try omelette , egg benedict and pasta . 
tasted like can . 
i orders the linguine with white clam sauce . 
food is overpriced and not that great . 
slow service wouldn't even refills my drink . 
bread serves with oil and parmesan cheese . 
went here with my girlfriend . 
we both agree it is good not great . 
it isn't horrible but it is definitely forgettable . 
i thinks the prices are high for the food quality . 
the tomato gravy is okay . 
it would is good on pizza . 
 ( i has the baked lasagna. ) 
when we arrive it isn't busy , but the service is sub par . 
then the restaurant fills up and the service is non - existent . 
for an app we fry ravioli . 
which is ok . 
had lunch there on a rainy day . 
the light is dark so i do not enjoy eating there . 
the food is just so - so . 
we have to ask for water , which don't comes until much later . 
we finally ask for and am gave exactly one slice of bread each . 
um , why would that is , exactly ? 
but , ok , message loudly and clearly receives . 
i picks the spaghettini and adds meatballs . 
they is t exactly busy but , ok , whatever . 
my daughter - in - law asks for alfredo sauce to be substitutes on her pasta dish . 
then , i looks at the bill . 
loved the minestrone soup . 
friendly atmosphere and waitresses are cute as a button . 
nice relaxed menswear store . 
i has a short - notice interview and i needs a suit that day . 
i 'd always notices this place downtown , so i stops in . 
the salesman is really great . 
he even sets me up with an appointment to get the suit alters . 
yesterday i buys two stupendous greeting cards just because i likes them . 
i really kind of likes this little store . 
nicely organizes . 
don't feels too cramps like some stores . 
i has a lovely time browsing& finds some beautiful jewellery . 
priced competitively with other major chains . 
highly recommends ! 
i comes here from another oil change place that i isn't happy with . 
they is nice and honest to me . 
i has a very pleasant experience . 
and the oil change literally takes _num_ min . 
really takes 10 - 20 min for full fluid change for nice price . 
i goes here bases on the good reviews and is not disappoints ! 
i stops going to jiffylube because of this . 
yah , ya gets ta loves it . 
too bad you miss it . 
closed sunday and tuesday . 
i never sees any of the arrangements i has has orders . 
don't bothers the nice man that now has the number; ) goes in at midnight on a saturday , and the place is mostly empty . 
it is disgusting . 
needless to say , we warn the next people who attempts to sit there . 
the staff keeps me updates every step of the way . 
i is wrong they is awesome . 
friendly service works hard to make things write on my crashed van . 
it does takes them awhile to get it fixes . 
several days in a row i gets phone calls indicating `` probably tomorrow. '' 
i would goes there again . 
dear franchisee , where the hell is the mayo or ketchup or water - laden lettuce and tomato ? 
they tells me they is out of chicken tenders ( ? ) 
yesterday , boyfriend and friends wants hardee's . 
i asks for ranch dressing . 
the drive through wait is longer than i expects but not the worst . 
she says she is just checking to be sure they is there . 
clearly the person lies about putting it in the bag . 
restaurant review it is effortless to order because there is no line . 
this makes me nervous with how dirty the restaurant is... overall the booth's is simply sticky . 
the fries are fresh though . 
overall this is my first and last experience with hardee's . 
pro : angus thick burger , a step above mcd but still not restaurant quality cons : dirty store ( bugs , a room that is flooded... ) hides gem : _num_ . 
the worst i never has a problem with this in the past . 
if they runs out wouldn't just puts a sign up ? 
nelson , is that the hardee is on bradley ? 
we have some bad cleanliness issues there years ago . 
but i goes in . 
the shop is clean& the staff is polite but not overly so . 
it wouldn't is describes as `` posh '' or `` immaculates. '' 
and there is a definite difference in how much liquor each bartender puts in . 
in my opinion , both is pretty weak pours . 
anyway , they asks me questions about my day , then performs it back . 
i comes of age here in many ways . 
i even has a bartender recognizes me and says hi outside of the bar . 
very layers back and chills for the most part . 
i gets there late and there is no seating . 
i likes that there is no cover charge . 
last time i orders a glass of w.l . 
if you are looking for more commonplace ingredients , i would looks elsewhere . 
i would gives this place zero stars if i could . 
i finally has them just turns it off . 
okay , so i goes back to give this place a second chance . 
one of my favorite nail salons in town , and newly remodels . 
i has a fill does here the other day . 
the tech asks me if i wants square or round . 
my first experience here is excellent . 
it is in the fall of _num_ when i learns i is pregnant . 
the third time i goes there i has a male tech . 
i chooses a vanilla colores nail polish and he says the same thing . 
i tells him i likes light colors . 
i thinks it is sarcasm so i smiles back and just nods my head . 
while u is watching her , i counts way too many health code violations ! 
then he uses tweezers that that has not is cleans . 
he cuts my cuticles so low they starts bleeding . 
if i could gives this less stars i would . 
my friends and i goes here for a pedicure . 
she is very sweet and talkative . 
i is absolutely astonished . 
would never recommends to anyone else . 
very nice and relaxes off campus bar . 
none of that rushes , overzealous high school service . 
also , better prices at app . 
the owner is irritated as promises in other yelp reviews . 
the dining area is cramped and uninviting . 
like the tofu soup and kimchi fries rice here ! 
fried rice is wrappeded in omelet egg . 
donot comes here in uiuc ! 
restaurant review my first venture into korean food in champaign is good . 
it is easy to order because we am the first customers of the day . 
i selects the combo platter of bulgogi which is _num_ . 
pro : average price korean food , large portion cons : long cooks time , higher price than average lunch places hides gem : your meal comes with rice , soup , and _num_ korean ban chae self service for cost effective . 
bibimbap sauce literally redeems my meal . 
but overall , would not recommend to eat with families or close friends . 
had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time . 
our waiter brings us out chips and salsa with two cups of salsa . 
then we order guacamole , which he don't brings us . 
i orders a steak quesadilla and it is huge and awesome . 
my husband gets something calls the chevy spreads ? 
i is craving mexican food . 
i orders the flautas , my usual . 
i orders flautas , not a bloody fruit salad . 
i wants sour cream ! 
pico de gallo and shreds lettuce ! 
i would loves to buy a tub of that salsa . 
you could not pay me$ _num_ to eat the food i orders again . 
we am starving . 
neither of us eats all day . 
the first thing we do is ordered the nachos . 
there is* maybe* _num_ ounces of cheese on my chips . 
the entire plate of nachos probably costs them$ _num_ . 
we do not finish them . 
lucky us , or so we think . 
the beef in my tacos is ground fine . 
the beans are the texture of a watery soup . 
the chicken taco is edible . 
i eats it at least . 
i is starving though . 
again , we haven't eat all day . 
i don't touches the nacho cheese coats burritos . 
i tries the chimichanga last . 
i has two bites . 
the rice is the best thing on the plate . 
the service is as good as it possibly could is . 
you could tell the servers do not like working there . 
our server don't brings us the check . 
he has the busser/ dishwasher brings us the check . 
honestly , we feel sorry for him . 
one time i has a waiter brings more corn cake then entree . 
i tells him i loves him and left a hefty tip . 
ooh , i just remembers something i gets . 
the tacos are great . 
with limited options in campaign this weekend , i suggests chevy's . 
also , the service is mediocre . 
she isn't even bad , she just lacks a personality . 
bummer chevy's... i wants to like you . 
the chips have no salt and the salsa tastes like ketchup . 
it looks like baby food and do not hold together at all . 
but the food is beyond repulsive . 
they follows me here? ) 
we see that on fridays they has a$ _num_ frozen strawberry margarita special . 
that deal is calling our name , so we each get one . 
the chips and salsa , however , is totally blargh ! 
they isn't even worth eating . 
also , the bartender is visibly perturbs when we ask for the check . 
closed . 
i wouldn't is surprised if it is worth trying . 
this place exists before campus gets swanks up over the last number of years . 
crispy , not too heavily batters , not too greasy . 
but my all time favorite is the legends ranch chicken serves only on mondays . 
i has a delicious chicken wrap with french fries . 
i likes the all - wood interior , gives the place a nice feel to it . 
wait staff and bartenders is always nice . 
we am a bit disappointed to see bags of chips . 
if only they would stops repainting the exterior wackier and wackier every _num_ years... legendarily lame . 
we also really enjoy the outdoor seating area out back . 
but straying from those favorites might makes you wish you haven't . 
i uses to like this bar when i is in college , on occasion . 
i definitely has some good times there , and the outdoor area is nice . 
you don't realize this is an illini bar ? 
how could you not tell from the blue and traffic cone orange facade ? 
i don't has food or alcohol so i can not comment on those . 
come here thursday's for `` logo night. '' 
i is not disappointed . 
they comes back from the bar after another 20+ minutes without drinks . 
another bonus is that the bartender serving me is very cute . 
and the student newspaper votes them for best service ! 
i don't thinks it is sleazy . 
the bun , beef , and topping could all brings more to the table . 
would definitely goes again . 
looks like a fun bar at night too you really have to twist your head around or rearrange the 50 lb barstools . 
they misspels my name on the ride the rail name list on their wall . 
there is only _num_ bartenders working and the line is very long . 
moreover , the bartender gets me the wrong beer ! 
my favorite campus bar , how many grills chicken sandwiches i enjoys here ? 
could lunch gets any more divine ? 
had a fish sandwich on friday and it is quite good . 
casual atmosphere and we go early to avoid the late night bar crowd . 
he makes a substitute drink but it is just awful . 
no hassles from the locals , though , which is nice . 
in fact , everyone there seems to be having a chill but fun time . 
i orders the fish sandwich with onion rings and it is so good . 
and money wise , it is definitely worth it . 
the salsa also has a nice kick too , very delicious . 
the service is great too . 
the food is pretty decent . 
i has a ham and swiss sandwich with guinness mustard on a pretzel bun . 
the most disgusting food i ever is` serves 'in my life . 
the fries are cold and the service is less than desirable . 
i gives it _num_ [$] just because it so overprices . 
this however is the worst food i ever has at any location . 
the chicken is so dry and cheese sauce is hard and tastes disgusting . 
the philly cheesesteak and burger we have for lunch is very good . 
the service is great , waitress is very attentive . 
there is only one negative while we am there . 
there is a university of illinois football game on . 
i nearly walks past the hostess booth i just wants a beer and the service is horrible . 
i gets one beer and couldn't gets the bartender to come back . 
btw - for a college town , the girls aren't good looking at all . 
maybe because it is monday night and the c team is working . 
wings and buffalo shrimp is great . 
fried pickles are cooked just right . 
service is above average but it is a very slow night . 
as always , hooters don't disappoint . 
this place is bad i comes in hooters because of course i loves it this is a tester store so they tries new menus but here is the weird part i has ms _num_ % puerto rican a well respected one because there is plenty of seats waitresses are great ! 
waitress comes around offering a free margarita to critique the bartender . 
walked out after sitting for _num_ minutes - no service . 
the food is great , as usual . 
this happens at 8 : 30 pm . 
we am really shock by looking at the whole experience . 
our waitress last time is especially wonderful ! 
she smiles and engages us all the way through our meal . 
we really appreciate her . 
this is a great massage ! 
i would definitely recommends it , especially because the prices are awesome . 
my husband gets me a gift certificate for a one - hour massage with glenn . 
that is , hands down , the best hour massage i ever gets . 
both of us is so relaxed and just feels great after . 
i loves this no - frills , just - massage approach . 
it is my first time there , but not in the building itself . 
glenn makes me feels comfortable and then gives me an excellent first massage experience . 
i comes away feeling great , relaxed and renews . 
i 'll is back and would gladly recommends him to friends . 
the meal ends with fortune cookies and a plate of succulent oranges . 
the service is great and the prices aren't bad either . 
i finds myself@ peking garden celebrating a friends 'completion of his prelims . 
i is horrified and delights simultaneously . 
that is my fault for ordering it , not theirs for making it . 
i samples everyone else's dishes however , and they is quite tasty . 
except the second time - - my fortune is blank . 
i has my hopes high... i takes a few bites and throws the rest in the trash ( ... i can't believes i has ms confessing to this ! 
that , and the appetizers is very yummy . 
luckily i is able to find one on campusfood.com . 
i orders chicken and broccoli and the portions is huge . 
fried rice - fairly standard , right ? 
there is nothing in it . 
it smells like cardboard and has no discernible flavor . 
just rice douses with soy sauce . 
the chicken do not taste like general tso . 
it is not spicy . 
it is not flavorful . 
average fast food chinese serves by friendly people . 
peking garden is a weird case for me though . 
at the time , i would almost gives it a _num_ star rating . 
i is glad i don't though . 
my entree is great but the soup and egg roll tastes weird . 
the service is also bad this trip . 
the worst part is that me and my girlfriend gets food sickness from it... it is not fun especially since we both have to work later that day . 
i isn't familiar with basil chicken . 
so i asks the young lady at the counter what is in it . 
she informs me that it is carrots , onions , chicken and sauce . 
 ( i asks because i do not like green peppers or mushrooms. ) 
it don't even contains carrots or onions . 
since it is their mistake i figures they would makes it right . 
i calls to complain . 
she replies , `` i don't cares! '' 
and hangs up on me . 
i literally would eats it everyday if i has a heart of steel . 
forgot to write a review last week . 
a friend treats me to dinner here . 
it is clean and quiet and the service is prompt and courteous . 
the egg rolls are good . 
my entree is delicious and plentiful . 
again , the house tea is good . 
loved their home style tofu and egg plant . 
atmosphere is nice . 
the owner is very friendly . 
also good wins ton soup . 
the shrimp fries rice is delish ! 
 - the little donuts are super yummy , though standard . 
i tries the mandarin beef , mongolian beef and potstickers . 
the cashier is also friendly and remembers what i orders right away . 
there is a couple other orders ready when i goes . 
ordered for delivery _num_ min before close food comes quick food good listens to special requests recommends so , the next best option is to get delivery . 
the child screams . 
the man yells back and then hits him again . 
got takes out on a monday night . 
i uses the online ordering which is convenient and easy . 
we get a chicken lo mein combo and an empress chicken . 
the chicken lo mein is good . 
portion size including the rice is huge . 
the egg rolls that game with it are average . 
my empress chicken is alright . 
it tastes like every other sweet and sour sauce . 
the chicken also seems to be a little soft and mushy . 
our meal costs$ _num_ . 
i unfortunately is just not very impressed with my empress chicken . 
the dumplings are huge and homemade . 
dinner for _num_ with drinks and appetizers comes to almost exactly$ _num_ . 
i thinks it is a great value . 
it isn't the newest . 
it isn't the flashiest . 
but it is one of the best chinese meals i has has has in years . 
i never would guesses since this place looks pretty average . 
i comes here 1 - 2 times a week for a semester . 
probably not the healthiest option , but it is one of the most delicious ! 
he smiles and starts making my dog . 
both he and the woman working there at the time is very polite . 
the dog itself is pretty good . 
i has a very average experience here . 
i loves dandelion when i lives in champaign . 
i goes with selling the clothes in favor of the concert . 
 `` uses. '' 
i just don't finds it that great . 
i would likes to see them gets more variety of jewelry , however . 
i comes here with a friend this summer . 
we have a blast ! 
i is certain i would never has shoes like these again . 
when i finds them here , and in my size ! 
it is the greatest day ! 
my fiance gets some amazing pants there . 
i don't finds anything , but even in la that is not unusual . 
mens items are very clear . 
the woman working the register is friendly and helpful . 
i is in chambana and i needs new shoes . 
i sees this place and i figures - - why not ? 
never has a bad time at the tumble inn . 
i spends many , many nights here and always has fun . 
loved the genuine neighborhood feel and the old busch stadium seats at the tables . 
the service is wonderful and the older decor brings a smile ! 
needless to say i is none too happy and gives up . 
i uses to love bob evans . 
we have pork roast with mashed potatoes and carrots . 
anyhoo , they makes us feels welcome after a long road trip . 
the food is excellent , i has the breakfast . 
our waitress could not is less thrilled to serve us . 
the food is decent . 
we have french toast and an omelet . 
both satisfies the breakfast craving . 
service is good and fast . 
took about 15 - 20 minutes to get a table , but the service is good . 
i has the potato encrusts pollack with green beans& baked potato . 
my daughter has the pancakes with link sausage . 
our last visit to bob evans is only ok . 
this bob evans are like the others . 
good when needing something familiar : - ) decides to try lunch to go today . 
i orders the ham& swiss grills on sourdough and vegetable soup . 
i likes the bread and the swiss cheese . 
the vegetable soup is ok but it has a lot of corn in it . 
the people working at the counter is very nice and the service is speedy . 
however , the second time i goes here , it is for breakfast . 
service is ok , attentive and friendly . 
staff is mostly friendly and courteous . 
food is not so good . 
they runs out of pico - de - gallo for nachos at noon ! 
the eggs and biscuits are nice but not as good as other places . 
boy oh boy does that joy ends quickly ! 
ordered a full order of biscuits& gravy , the meal comes fairly quickly . 
it is hot as well . 
my 1st indication of an issue is the hard ass biscuits he brings me . 
i is completely grosses out ! 
then my apple juice has something floating in it . 
gravy is good& workers are nice . 
who would has has thinks i 'd is reviewing a library ? 
he couldn't believes the changes . 
now if only i could gets a library card ! 
shelves and shelves of books , organizes so intuitively and neatly . 
what more could i wants ? 
i thinks that is the point of a library ? 
i explains to them that due to a condition i could not sit differently . 
they again asks me to move . 
every single item on the list is checked to be cleans . 
i is even charges a fee to clean those off . 
and you shouldn't either... i is happy enough with my apartment with barr . 
i would cleans it has i knows i is supposed to . 
i feels like i has no privacy at all . 
this lasts at least _num_ months . 
authuser= 0& feat= directlink pictures i takes after cleaning : https : // picasaweb.google.com/110253500433385469135/510smattisapt107moveoutpictures ? 
took _num_ cats there . 
been happy with drs. mcelroys . 
he explains everything in detail and always asks for my approval before doing anything . 
the staff is great and drs. dust is wonderful . 
i likes that the waiting areas for dogs and cats are separated too . 
she listens to my concerns and is incredibly receptive to my thoughts and opinions . 
he says it is nothing to worry about . 
i feels so much better . 
took them to vca and all it is was a bladder infection ! 
 : ) my cat receives great care from dr. mcelroys at vca . 
his backside is very red , swollen , and tenders . 
he also has an infection in his ear that she prescribes an ointment for . 
the veterinarian is wonderful ! 
i is very happy with the staff . 
vca is great through the whole process . 
costs are reasonable . 
i has the very same experience as sarah . 
he has nail polish all over his hands and my toes . 
i literally starts laughing because it is so absurdly bad . 
the whole experience is rushed , which makes me feels very uncomfortable . 
i is looking forward to a relaxing experience& it do not happen . 
this lady ( the owner ) has an overall rough touch . 
my wife and i is here several times and is very happy every time . 
maybe they gets new staff in the _num_ years since the last review ? 
easy access to drinking with the bar wrappeds around the `` center '' wall . 
the drinks on hand are pretty cool . 
never is disappointed once . 
we find great seats up in balcony , which has it's own bar . 
were the bar stools and benches comfortable ? 
all towns would are so lucky to have a music venue like the highdive . 
would never recommends to anyone . 
the bouncer is very casual and stamps your hand if you are underage . 
he fills my water three times and i is very grateful . 
when the band plays , my friend and i stands in the middle . 
the high dive would is a great experience if you are into the band . 
i is here a few weeks ago for the claw event . 
it is amazing ! 
great night , music is really good . 
anyone could takes it ! 
the sound is nearly perfect . 
i would loves to come back . 
the first time i goes there i is astounded by how huge it is . 
and they is only$ _num_ each . 
so they definitely has a nice children's section . 
i could spends months in this store . 
if only i has more time today . 
i tells her that i is looking to get my son some p.j . 
's , and with that she says `` oh... carries on! '' 
i is like , wtf ! 
she then says with a huff , `` fine ! 
 `` , and mumbles something under breath . 
i uses to go to wet seal , forever _num_ . 
my daughter wants her hair does so they starts to curl it . 
kind of awkward walking around the mall with half of your hair curls . 
but does purchases some cheap _num_ scarves last winter . 
two people sitting at front desks looks almost surprised that a customer walks in . 
i calls over looking for a magnepull . 
they says they has one and then quotes me a price . 
i thanks them for checking . 
the guy says they don't sells anything like that . 
i forgets how bad they.are . 
we buy a sleep number mattress in this store in january . 
the warranty - we am told sure no problem ! 
i orders my bed on 8/31 during the labor day sale . 
the people at the chandler store is very nice . 
they says that the bed would takes 2 - 3 weeks for delivery . 
this requires me to take a day off from work to receive the bed . 
not sure if ready to buy but wants to explore the product ! 
the store is `` white - glove '' clean and the atmosphere feels warm and inviting ! 
was asked my preference of pillow ( i is a soft! ) 
 : ) he offers to see what we could get out by buffing the scratch . 
the minute i pulls in mr. ivey is there to help me . 
he wouldn't even lets me does that . 
he just asks i remembers him if i gets in an accident . 
i would definitely takes my car there again . 
doug is very friendly and professional . 
our car gets hits and needs a paint job on the front bumper . 
two cars damages within a week due to winter weather . 
highly recommends . 
had my entire bumper replaces after a winter collision . 
best price i finds in champaign area . 
car is finished the day after i drops it off nice hotel . 
bed is comfied . 
would stays again . 
we spend one night at the la quinta inn in champaign while attending ebertfest . 
handicapped - accessible primarily means a larger bathroom/ bathtub , which is always a good thing . 
stayed just for a day while visiting friends in urbana . 
carpet seems very new and clean . 
breakfast is good . 
coffee is very good . 
i is not satisfied with my stay . 
clean , nicely decorates , close to the highway . 
this recently remodels hotel is perfect for our two night stays for a wedding . 
the rooms are clean and nicely decorate . 
the main lobby is very nice ! 
i takes it back to my room . 
the pool looks nice , we run out of time to use it . 
i would definitely stays there again ! 
 - the staff is all friendly . 
 - the bed is comfortable , and the room is clean . 
since i don't eats wheat , i don't has anything . 
it is move in day for my daughter at uiuc college . 
i is pleasantly surprised . 
it is very clean , beds comfortable , breakfast is very nice . 
the bathrooms are a bit small but overall the room is very comfortable . 
i would stays here again without hesitation . 
the staff is friendly . 
the room is comfortable . 
we am very happy with our stay . 
the staff is friendly and helpful . 
our room is spacious , clean , and smells fresh . 
the bed is so comfortable . 
it has a cheap feel to it . 
there is a time _num_ years ago when la quinta is a quality brand . 
the front deck clerk is somewhat arrogant and the breakfast is chintzy . 
what really irritates me is the pricing . 
i would likes to liken this to extortion . 
we arrive to find our room exactly as we expect . 
it is comfortable , quiet and in an excellent location . 
they welcomes our small dog with a doggie biscuit as well . 
the room is less than$ 70/ night , and it is a steal . 
when we get to our king suite , i is pleasantly surprised . 
recommended . 
i has a very hard time hearing anything my friend says . 
we finish our food and get out of there so we could visit . 
it takes _num_ minutes for her to come and takes our drink order . 
and that really makes her madder . 
both times we also have poor service . 
i do not like the pizza . 
the waitress seems to be a little rude . 
i really enjoys my pizza at monical's . 
a schoolmate advises me to ask for their french dressing on my pizza . 
it is absurd , of course , but tastes fantastic . 
we order the stuff pizza . 
it is fabulous ! 
you get ta try it ! 
worked at one when i is _num_ lol . 
pizza is pretty good !
everything is usually pretty fresh and hot .
there is something about this pizza that is addictive .
there is very little sauce , fairly dry cheese , and a chewy crust .
i do n't know what to call it ... .
because every local i know loves monicals .
in fact , they even sell their french dressing online !
seriously , i 've looked . ) 
the pizza is pretty good , but not the best in champaign - urbana .
i prefer papa del 's .
awesome sauce and topping of seasonings .
oooh and a pitcher of fountain root beer is the perfect bev .
fast service , be ready to start eating the salad/breadsticks within minutes of ordering .
gim me some family pleaser now !
family pleaser is the way to go .
the toppings are just right too .
does anyone even order anything else ?
love the food , the service , everything .
i travel _num_ nights/year for work so i order food a lot .
your company knows this ... yet continues to serve it ?
i like other much cheaper pizza than this .
love the thin crust pizza and the family/neighborhood atmosphere .
the pizza crust is so perfectly crispy .
the location is literally _num_ miles from the house .
going to just go to the store for refund of the sauce and bread .
this is the worst monicals i have ever ate at .
within a month they have messed up _num_ of our pizzas .
the pizzas have been soggy and tuff .
avoid this place at all costs !
not a terrible place to rent a budget truck from .
nothing special about it , but they get the job done .
this is a very nice hotel , especially for the price .
breakfast every morning is great ( not healthy ! ) 
the bartender mark is a great guy .
he has a ton of stories , who knows if they are true .
this place is absolutely amazing for the price .
i 'm always a sucker for pet parrots .
i 'm really not sure how this place has gotten such high ratings .
the complementary breakfast is not good .
overall , everything about this hotel has been repulsive and disappointing .
i 've been staying here over a month due to my job .
this has been over a month of getting breakfast .
the staff is very friendly , and the rooms are comfortable .
the breakfast is ok ... not great , but decent .
tip your breakfast attendants , people !
all in all , i give it _num_ stars .
possible improvements and things to note : the breakfast crowd varies between week and weekend .
very helpful getting a wedding bouquet to dearest friends from _num_ miles away .
blossom basket is awesome !
no luck with calling for any help in complaint .
ownership does n't seem to care .
blossom basket is my first stop for all of my floral needs and wants .
the staff is friendly and the quality of the product is exquisite .
i am definitely a fan of blossom basket !
what a way to run a quality business .
thank you blossom basket for a job well done !
i highly recommend them and wo n't use anyone else in champaign !
blossom basket are timely and efficient .
when i call them with an order , they do it right every time .
they are the only florist i call .
blossom basket florist makes beautiful flower arrangements .
i see a lot of them because i work in a hospital .
the blossom basket staff is courteous and friendly .
i highly recommend them .
their hours stink .
now they 've adopted a herd the cattle style of doing business .
take a number & wait .
i guess you can do business this way when you have a monopoly .
they even have kneeling buses for wheelchair dependent citizens .
the mass transit system in champaign - urbana is actually really good !
you can get almost anywhere by the bus !
oh mtd , how i miss you .
enter champaign - urbana mass transit district .
 : ) the website is unfortunately abbreviated ( http : / / www.cumtd.com ) , but wonderfully comprehensive .
 : ) i 've always been pretty indifferent about the cu mtd .
then , today , i read this : http : / / www.newsgazette.com/news/local/2009/04/09/no_mtd_service_planned_this_sunday public transportation is being suspended in observance of a religious holiday .
are you freakin ' kidding me ?
mtd is a great way to get to class when the weather is nasty .
at least the mtd buses are free to students .
and they are a blast when the bars close !
this is my 4rd year in uc and cu mtd is a life saver ... you can go almost everywhere with them almost anytime .
very useful when you get wind chills of _num_ f ... .
my only complain is that sometimes the rides are too crowded .
i use the bus all the time and it 's a pleasure .
i 'm sure it 's only better now .
i 'm biased b/c i worked here for two years while on campus .
but this subway is much cleaner than the one on john st .
do n't wan na think about that .
great place for subs while running between classes !
it 's great during lunch hours when everything 's packed .
they work real quick , you 're normally out in less than _num_ minutes .
it takes them forever to do anything .
 : ( the students here are filled to the brim with boredom .
this is my favorite place to get my hair cut in all of c - u .
it 's a korean place , yes .
most of the other clients are korean , yes .
please check this place out !
this has been the worst haircut experience of my life .
spend a little bit more money and save yourself the trouble and disappointment .
i am male .
this is the worst place and the worst stuff i have ever met .
he just use the scissor to scrambling on your head and finish .
right now i have to use gatsby every single day !
never ever go this place again .
i am very very very unhappy .
do not go here !
the korean lady at red hair gives the best hair cuts ever .
clearly they do n't want my business !
i want a neck massage !
i want to feel sexy !
these ladies are pretty adorable .
now ... the bangs .
you need to specify exactly what you want to prevent them from butchering them .
make sure you get the lady !
she is really great and very friendly !
she always cuts fast and very stylishly .
also , this place is right on campus , which is great .
got my hair cut short and took care of the split ends .
nice korean run place , parking is difficult love getting my haircut here !
it 's only $ _num_ for a women 's haircut .
sue and kee are absolutely amazing , they are very skilled and also friendly !
first , my apologies for not knowing the names of the hair stylists .
their popularity often means that appointments are booked solid a week in advance .
they 've always used scissors for everything except neck and sideburns .
many of the reviews below are quite dated .
i 'm not korean , and it has never been an issue .
one of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists are wonderful and nice !
one of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists are wonderful and nice !
they only take cash , which seemed strange .
the barber is highly skilled and easy to communicate with .
you know , i actually like rock 's .
rock 's is a decent bar/pub/grill / patio spot that is pleasant in the summer heat .
i can tell you right now that you are very wrong .
second , the bar has a much better atmosphere for watching the big game .
lastly , they serve the best horseshoes anywhere near campus .
you really have to go just to try one .
screw conservatives idea of planned parenthood .
so are you sans health insurance ?
it differs based on income .
plus , the staff is helpful , friendly , comforting and very knowledgeable .
need a refill on your birth control but do n't have contraceptive coverage ?
or need birth control and are too afraid to get your parents ' permission ?
we are living in _num_ .
the sweetest planned parenthood i 've been to .
it 's obvious that they are heavily needed here .
this also means appointments fill up fast so do n't dawdle , y' hear ?
it can take up to two weeks depending on the procedure .
they have the requisite beach sunset pictures on the ceiling also , heh .
outside of the cliche and tired pro - life/choice argument ( nobody is pro - abortion .
way to address the sexy white elephant in the room .
the people who work here are really sweet and informative .
yay , let 's continue to oppress women 's sexuality !
... unbelievable ... i am considering a lawsuit .
i have never seen more unprofessional behavior .
as a low - income graduate student , i qualify for the illinois healthy women program .
i have already recommended champaign 's planned parenthood to my friends .
it 's now a beautiful , modern facility .
what 's worse than going to planned parenthood ?
... tick , tock ... ready for the answer ?
most of the time , the staff is great .
they are cheerful and seemingly happy to be doing their job .
i wish i remembered their names , but i do n't .
because i think this is a valuable service .
most of the time their providers are great .
do doctors have bad days ?
i am sure they do .
i 'm also sure they do that as well .
bottom line is ... it 's not super professional .
it happens , though .
nonetheless , they have always given me the information and services i needed .
the staff in champaign is amazing .
by far the best gynecology people i have ever been to .
they are very sweet and understanding .
i am no longer afraid of my yearly !
way to improperly utilize your resources .
i have been going to this location for a couple of years now .
i have always loved the staff they go above and beyond for people .
i am sad to be moving away from the awesome people here .
easy to make an appointment .
wide array of services and the staff are ready to answer any questions .
they like the campus and the teachers .
i have lots of friends who have attended this school .
there 's lots this school has to offer .
check this school out .
` at illnois , you 're not a number , you 're nine numbers . '
it 's a place that is easy to both love and hate .
grading is harsh here !
las is the catch - all college that gets shafted a lot .
many of my lectures were too big and in auditoriums were literally falling apart .
i 've had my smallest and favorite classes in aces .
i adore most of my professors i have had in this college .
i recommend aces , but only if you are truly interested in the curricula .
 _num_ classes are where learning goes to die .
the drunken anti - intellectual environment can be stifling if you do n't find a niche .
i like the chambana area , even if it has some minor annoyances .
the weather here is horrible .
you are always meeting new people who are cool and interesting .
college is just a stepping stone to work .
i have to say that uiuc did its job .
oh wait .
you can probably get that anywhere else .
what more do you want ?
to whom it may concern at the uiuc , thank you for finally dropping the chief as your mascot .
it 's a perfect distance from chicago .
go illini like much in life , you get out of uiuc what you put in .
champaign - urbana ... you either love it or you do n't .
it is n't chicago and it is n't the suburbs .
i 'm still here , so obviously i love it .
go .
hail to the orange hail to the blue hail alma mater ever so true ... ( so truuuuueeeee ) we love no other so let our motto be : `` victory , illinois ( sssssss ) , var - si - ty ! '' 
ill - ini - illini til i die !
let 's take a cornfield and build two cities in it .
now let 's take these cities and drop a university right where they intersect .
oh wait , someone already did that .
it 's called the university of illinois at urbana champaign .
but only if you look .
enjoy your time , do n't waste it away complaining or being afraid .
go to one of each type of sports event at least once .
play frisbee or sunbathe on the quad at least once .
use a fake id at least once .
do n't waste it , its over before you know .
i 'm a fan .
no better way to be surrounded by so many different people .
uic has an average age of _num_ and much higher diversity rates .
that and it is in my wonderful city of chicago .
what university is n't this way ?
but you do have to want to .
you have to work for it .
it 's not dropped in your lap .
the diversity is out there .
but it 's there .
the classes here are top notch .
but it 's not so much what i actually learned in class .
i am a very proud alumna .
go illini !
i only wish that i had decided to go there in the first place .
this is a great academic institution .
i love it here .
this is classic college at its finest .
as a lower classman , your classes are large and very tough .
they are unofficially called weed courses .
they ensure that the strong students continue and succeed .
this is a very large university .
illinois has a large international student population , making it incredibly diverse .
illinois has also been a pioneer in handicap accessibility since the 1970s .
the opportunities here are amazing and available to everyone .
large universities are not for everyone .
regardless , it 's still one of the best in higher education .
it 's gigantic , yet full of personality and character .
it 's daunting , but not insurmountable .
i 'm thankful for that .
there 's a strong organizing tradition here .
people * care * about things , and it 's nice to see .
campus is very spread out .
we love no other so let our motto be victory , illinoisssssssssssssss !
long live the chief !
the only good thing about champaign is the school itself .
there are a bunch of interesting characters and plenty to do .
the school offers a variety of classes to produce well rounded and worldly graduates .
there are resources to help with interviewing skills , resumes , and job connection .
there is nothing like supporting your school and bleeding orange and blue .
it is the quintessential college experience !
one of the greatest research institutions that exists .
i - n - i i am so proud to call this place my alma mater .
socially , this place is a mess .
i highly recommend roland realty .
other than that , there are some aspects i will miss .
they are that friendly .
need a permit or a document ?
go to office a .
office a tells you to go to office b .
for us , there are n't any other colleges .
i l l i n i what 's up with that ?
is homecoming segregated ?
is discrimination a problem at u of i ?
ignore the haters .
join a student organization , or better yet , start one .
find some ethnic cuisine you 've never tried before .
skip the campus bars every now and then and try out downtown champaign .
pull an all - nighter in the ugl .
go to your professor 's office hours for a change .
pick up some b movies at that 's rentertainment .
play intramural sports .
get a job at a dorm dining hall and make lifelong friends .
watch some kids play dance dance revolution extremely well in the illini union .
read a book of poems on the quad .
i 'm not a frat bro .
things do not change over time .
very pretty view and lots of stores , restaurants , bars ... good combination of academic and party life .
i 'm writing this review as a uiuc graduate .
positives : - the campus is really beautiful and generally visually appealing .
the architecture is fantastic .
as you walk around campus , it feels quintessential .
it 's especially college - looking in the fall .
 ( you know , like all the brochures that get sent out . ) 
 - you are only required to live on campus freshmen year .
it 's much cheaper than on - campus housing with a meal plan .
it 's the midwest .
people are friendly .
it 's a small world for such a big school .
 - we host some pretty epic events here .
i do n't think i need to say anything more about that .
 - your education is whatever you make of it .
other people slide by and only go to class when there 's an exam .
negatives : - this school is expensive .
 - greek life can somewhat overwhelm the social scene at times .
 - urbana/champaign has nothing going for it except for the university .
everything in the area caters to college students .
no wonder drinking is so big here .
sometimes there is n't much else to do .
 - a lot of lab/research opportunities are for graduate students only .
now the great professors are retiring .
the last ten years have been a nightmare of mismanagement .
but for now , there are many great universities to attend in the us .
some neighboring states offer in state tuition to illinois residents .
if you want to party hardy , illinois is the place to go .
steer clear of the college of media entirely .
amidst all the financial scandals , the lincoln theater does look quite impressive .
the little courtyards house the bricks bearing names of the donations .
the university of illinois is really moving upwards and always trying to improve itself .
i know if my brother attends he will be in private housing .
i just do n't think we got the best first impression .
favorite place on campus to see a performance !
this place is definitely three steps up from the typical university art museum .
i am so glad we did !
do n't miss it !
there 's a great one about baggage right now .
that 's how you tempt folks into gettin ' a little culture .
check it out next time you are in c - u .
the east wing is haunted .
nice university museum but certainly not the best i have seen .
you definitely get your money 's worth with her large beautiful arrangements .
april 's is my go - to place for flowers .
april 's has consistently delivered great arrangements and smiles !
meat quality tends to be iffy .
this is the place to go for cheap chinese food in campustown .
my personal favorite is their spicy fish filet .
what the heck is some of the best chinese cuisine anywhere doing in champaign ?
they make other dumpling/potsticker selections look pretty pathetic by comparison in size and flavor .
my preferred place to eat chinese on campus .
their general tso 's chicken is amazing .
unless you 're sharing it with someone else .
i doubt i can be completely objective ; i love the place too much .
i mean , i 've watched the family 's kids grow up !
i recommend the general tso 's chicken .
the flavor of the sauce is amazing and the consistency of the chicken excellent .
sit by the window and watch the campus walk by below ... great location .
best general tso 's chicken i have ever had , and i 'm chinese .
but man , is it spicy !
one of the best fast - food chinese places i 've ever eaten at .
definitely go here when you have the hankering for chinese .
never ordering from this place again .
the campus chinese place to go is lai - lai , period .
empire is cheap , super fast , and generally satisfying .
dishes may be slightly greasy , but they 're tasty as hell .
even for a cheap chinese place the atmo leaves much to be desired .
and i 'm not at all fussy about that .
the food is delicious and the portions are well worth it .
now that 's what i call mediocre !
i 'm not a snob when it comes to chinese food at all .
my previous experiences at empire have been pretty good .
it 's still a good amount of food for the money .
i do n't usually review boring chinese places , but well here i am .
empire is my go - to place for cheap chinese food .
the food is good enough and the price is low .
i really love this family - owned/ran business .
i love the general 's or orange chicken .
$ _num_ gets you _num_ .
complete steal .
empire also finally takes cc 's , but there 's lame $ _num_ min .
this is my favorite place to eat chinese food on campus .
that dish is amazing .
but boy am i glad we tried it .
empire is cheap .
each time we order delivery it lasts at least _num_ meals .
in general , the chinese menu items ( house specialty/szechuan ) have been awesome .
the portion is always huge and i bring home leftovers .
they also offer free hot tea and water during your meal .
i really wish i had this place nearby , i miss it .
their food is amazing , best chinese food i 've had hands down .
i think it 's safe to say i 'm never going back .
but they do serve congee !
food seems decent overall and portions are priced well .
i highly recommend the hunan pork and pork egg foo yong .
the free tea is great as well !
environment is quiet crowded and messy .
never want to try again it is good for different dishes have different feeling .
there 's nothing really special besides the free tea .
the place is kinda dumpy but i like the food ... this is one of the only places on campus that i 'd get chinese .
the taste is good , too , maybe not the best but indeed good .
a little excessive on the starbuck 's bashing though ... hoorah pretention !
to both kill ... and die for .
however , the bathroom is terrifyingly small .
that is a problem .
even the bagels are great .
 : ) this is my daily coffee stop .
and oh my gosh , did i mention the oatmeal raisin cookies ?
ahhhhhh no wonder people here are so round .
it 's like a sunday evening and there 's seriously no one here .
it 's not busy .
there 's no line .
it 's not like i took a long time deciding what i wanted .
i 'm like a regular too .
coming here about 5x / week .
ugh i 'm so mad really , the worst of the espresso locations on campus .
second of all , the coffee is nearly always burnt .
how hard is it to brew a cup .
listen .
it balances things out .
foam the milk , do n't scorch it .
it 's supposed to be foamy not watery .
no , coffee is not supposed to taste like burnt acid .
i guess that 's your way of being funny too ?
it 's still not balancing out .
the flavor is very robust and espresso tends toward a darker roast .
favorite to drink : hazelnut americano .
there 's something about the way they prepare drinks that really works for me .
i 'm sure i 'll be back at least once a leep weekend .
the obvious choice for gslis students and staff ; we 're heavily caffeinated .
good place to grab some coffee between classes .
the drinks are almost always tasty and the food is pretty good .
i like the chicken salad sandwich , which has cranberries in it .
i 'm not sure why it took me so long to frequent this place .
there is plenty of seating between the upstairs and the downstairs .
love to get coffee here whenever i 'm in champaign !
it sells coffee and iced tea .
it 's drinkable .
the lemon bars are good .
at least it 's not another starbucks ?
the coffee here is atrocious .
but i still have a 10 - oz .
always grabbed sth in the afternoon before i go to class third strike , you 're out !
i 've given this place three opportunities to _num_ .
provide service with a smile and not an attitude .
provide a drink that i could actually swallow .
bring the mop !
it taste good .
as for the coffee ... i do n't know what to say .
it 's caffeinated .
other than ... i avoid getting the espresso drinks ( cappuccinos , lattes , etc . ) 
the drink craftsmanship is nil .
the matcha latte ... it 's just milk , dude .
it 's milk .
it 's not a matcha latte .
it 's milk .
all of their mixed drinks are milk .
the drinks , like everything else there , are overpriced for their quality .
i recommend the cold press .
this place is as expensive as starbucks coffee .
the only difference is at espresso royal , you get a lower quality cup .
with the starbucks right down the street it is not worth going here .
the only day worth visiting is on wednesday because they have one dollar lattes .
the seating is pretty cramped .
i have no complaints about the staff .
they have been very friendly .
i 've never had a problem with service here and love the drinks .
the food is mediocre cafe food , but that 's how the all are !
i go here instead of the slightly closer to my office starbucks every time .
i have no complaints about the management .
lofts _num_ terrible !
yes , that 's right even worse that cpm .
lived at lofts _num_ for a year .
we have had a very positive experience with roland ; more specifically with kurt .
i live in one of roland 's smaller buildings in champaign .
they are the best landlord i 've ever had .
you can pay the rent online and submit work orders online .
the office guys are very nice and helpful .
appointments are taken ( not necesary ) because the wait is never too long .
manicures are only $ _num_ and pedicures $ _num_ .
english is spoken here also .
i have to echo what elizabeth t. said about this place !
it is literally the only nail salon open on sunday afternoon in champaign !
this is nicely added touch as it made the hour or so fly by !
definitely worth checking out if you 're in town !
both times i 've gone the salon has been packed .
i get lots of compliments on how great my toes look .
they do a nice job and listen to what you want .
i recommend bringing your own flip flops or whatever .
i think i may be getting my nails done on a regular basis now !
it is unlikely i 'll return in the future .
not a bad spot to get a quick and cheap manicure .
it 's not a fancy place but the staff are very nice and efficient .
it 's very inexpensive .
i think _num_ for a basic manicure .
they also have no chip and other services .
close to campus and all nail techs have tons of experience .
the prices are very reasonable .
there 's no organization and it is just ridiculous !
after using the tools they 've just returned tools to this dirty mug .
they do not clean their own furniture and floor .
disgusting .
this is very strange for me .
my nails are all shapes and sizes , none remotely straight .
i am currently walking home to redo my nails .
the prices are okay .
thanks tao : ) these + ladies do an excellent job on my eyebrows every time !
they totally deserve it .
they do a fantastic job on nails too !
i seriously love this place .
i have n't been to this bergners in a very long time .
i like this store but their female help in the upstairs needs improvement .
tell marnetta to bring more of the cute girls from downstairs up there !
need that to round out the `` upscale '' shopping experience .
* update * see rachel 's review several months after mine .
wadya know .
she also has experienced the fine service of local proleteriat women .
it 's a piece of junk .
the only thing you can use this worthless coupon on is their junk .
like those stupid little thoughtless gifts they offer this time of year .
who needs that ?
i find at least something to buy there most of the time .
they have `` saved '' so much money using them .
and they come once a month .
selection is ok and they have a good amount of petites .
service is hit or miss .
store review : otherwise the clothing selection is above average .
they have a home good section as well on the more expensive side .
pros : department store variety cons : smaller store , coupons are hard to use hidden deals : sign up for the email club for special coupon savings slightly target older people .
have some sophisticated brands like calvin klein or columbus .
they are by appointment only .
~ ~ ~ never do business here .
~ ~ ~ allow me to elaborate .
needless to say , this business ranks among the most poorly run in town .
good news for them is their survival seems secured by a lack of competition .
all in all , i have no qualms about returning for equipment rentals .
also , they tend to be slammed fri - sun , so be prepared to wait .
this is absolutely obsurd customer service .
this place is awful !
the employees are either dumb or just do n't give a shit .
they 're unorganized and totally clueless .
i have never used a business so poorly run .
or maybe they 're all this bad .
no that 's not a typo .
on the flip side , all the trucks seem to be well - maintained .
that 's the only flip side .
review - - - u - haul on university , words can not express how much u - suck .
it 's okay , calm down .
there 's only five people in front of you .
gray is fine .
i love gray ... just not dusty gray .
not it 's - sucking - the - life - out - of - you gray .
legends say that he is still waiting in line at the store today .
maybe he 's having trouble finding the key to my truck ?
okay now i 'm getting mad .
where is he ?
i walk back into the store to see him exactly where i left him .
at the desk helping another customer .
keys are already inside . '' 
i am a regular renter at the u - haul on university avenue .
in fact , i usually rent anywhere from 2 - 5 times per year .
in fact , things have always been above and beyond great .
this location is weird .
their customer service is terrible .
this is unacceptable .
this place needs at least two more employees , and better customer service .
have rented an open trailer here on occasion to move things within town .
it 's fine but such a hassle for a $ _num_ rental .
it ends up costing me around _num_ minutes .
i can rent a $ 20 , 000 new car with much less hassle .
with some direction and resources provided from management , the locationwould immensely improve .
we arrive here at 12 : 00 pm just to return the car .
and oh my god , it tastes soo good .
the equation for the tastiness goes something like this ... y = t * x ^ 2 where t is a function of how late it is , y is the yum factor , double 11 - in .
sub special is their best offer .
also , i can get a dill pickle instead of chips .
their sandwiches are pretty big too and they do n't skimp on the meat .
it 's a step up from jimmy john 's and subway for sure .
other locations do much better than this one , it 's a shame really .
drivers are friendly .
it 's better than subway , and more expensive too .
the sandwich selection is great .
the only downside is the wait time .
when it is slow it can take _num_ minutes plus to get a sandwich .
it seems they are severely understaffed .
poor silver mine subs being right next to subway .
also , there 's free wifi here .
all sandwich stores taste the same with me .
just had their delivery at my job and their steak sandwich is pretty good .
that 's not what i got .
i 've had the comstock before and it 's decent .
the dodge city also was n't bad either .
my absolute fav shot is the *** t - bomb *** !
it 's ciclon and red bull .
i 've been looking for it in chicago , but no bars carry ciclon !
do not try to go here at _num_ in the morning .
two levels , so you can sit upstairs and watch the crowd from above .
decent music and great wings ( i think they still have wing night ) .
long lines after _num_ am .
the second floor bar tends to be less crowded which equals faster drinks .
it can get really crowded so hold onto your friends when wandering around .
basically just a sports bar with enough room for people to dance as well .
other than that though , it 's pretty fun .
's , and they have pretty good specials here .
the decor is bar - ish .
drink selection is decent .
girls are pretty dressed up , guys notsomuch .
i 'd never wait in line or pay cover to get inside though ... brothers : it 's your run of the mill college bar .
cheap drinks good music crazy dancing one of your few redeeming qualities is that you have bass on tap .
i still believe this , even though i seriously have no idea why .
another ` older ' crowd bar since it 's no cover for 21 + .
watch the stairs though !
i do n't know how much it has changed since i loathed this place .
large airy bar that seems to be a great place to catch a game .
not as good as the iowa location , but worth checking out .
friendly bartenders that recommend new and exciting brews/drinks even when the place is crowded .
it 's hard not to love a place with that kind of attitude !
hate this bar .
the only good time to go is when it 's nearly empty .
i do n't get why people go here just for the wings .
i 've had good times at brothers .
i 've had bad times at brothers .
it gets too crowded to play darts .
past 11 pm the bathroom resembles a slip and slide .
it seems to be totally random .
the bathroom is completely and absolutely unusable .
never wasting my time at brother 's again .
my ears hurt more than anywhere else i 've been .
disgusting .
there 's no air circulation whatsoever .
the fans on the ceiling are useless .
go elsewhere !
more like a sports bar and super crowded and not really relaxing .
have no place to stand or sit .
i like the lofted floor plan here .
beer selection is quite good .
way better than brothers in iowa city , i can tell you that much .
also sometimes their music is just kind of weird .
if you want somewhere to go and dance , this is definitely not it .
i have a sweet spot for gameday .
they have a good selection , but wow is this stuff expensive .
they have fitting rooms , which is good .
not much else to say !
and the quad shop is now a jamba juice .
which i 'm not ok with .
it 's even fairly inexpensive to book .
get your nap on , kids .
that place is buzzing with activity and young folks with laptops everywhere .
the entrance hall is very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches .
illinois ' union building is okay ... landmark review : oh this place brings back so many memories , so many nooks and crannies .
there is a lot of hidden stuff here that is great .
let me highlight some great finds _num_ .
bowling alley , arcade , billiards , xbox rental in the basement _num_ .
lots of restaurants downstairs to eat at and some snack/coffee shops on the first floor _num_ .
there is the illini union ballroom which serves ayce lunch _num_ .
a lot of professors stop here for lunch _num_ .
free supplies twice per semester cold pack pregnancy test yeast infection kit wound pack every two weeks condom pack lubricant or spermicidal gel latex barriers _num_ .
illini book store for all your illini gear/book needs _num_ .
tech zone - they can help repair your computer _num_ .
document services - if you need help printing brochures , flyers etc _num_ .
great for naps , reading , or a place to rest in between test .
need a quiet space ?
need to have a meeting set up with your other student organization members ?
go up to the second floor in the rso office .
do n't have time to go back home and make lunch ?
need to checkout some tech goodies that are vital to your studies/work ?
that 's right !
definitely check it out !
this place looks really classy inside .
the illinois student senate office is located here as well as their meetings .
daily illini - has gotten better recently , but its a crap paper altogether .
the stories are poorly written and usually cite facebook as reference .
also , the dj 's are inept .
the buzz - only reason this is getting _num_ stars .
i 've experienced better student run publications .
guess what happened ?
any sensible human being would have acted differently .
please avoid this company at all costs .
i have had experience with much more helpful companies in the urbana - champaign area .
if they tow you , you are pissed .
this place is absolutely terrible .
on top of that these people are condescending assholes .
do not use these people , they are terrible .
but they still serve orange chicken .
this is the best chinese in campus - town .
i recommend the crispy tofu .
the menu has so many varieties of foods .
very inexpensive and i highly recommend it !
never again stay away from this place !
think oily , but good oily !
come for good food , but do n't expect any service .
i 've never experienced this type of service before - or lack there of .
my favorite thing for dim sum is shrimp crepes and turnip cake .
around $ _num_ to share _num_ dishes .
but now it 's barely passable .
prices are n't bad either , about the usual prices for dim sum .
but that 's just a testament to the ownership and the so - so food .
if you want dim sum you can always go to saigon .
i do n't live in champaign anymore but i come back to eat here .
their spicy pig intestine stew is probably the best dish i have ever eaten .
every time i go , i take an order with me .
i am glad i can still get it for _num_ .
it 's always fun to come here with a big group . ) 
mandarin wok reminds me of the chinese restaurants back home .
the tea , jasmine or chrysanthemum , is free .
with giant round table w / lazy susans , this place is perfect for groups .
the atmosphere is as good as the service - - somewhat non - existent .
 _num_ ) sesame rolls - awesome !
far exceeding the likes of legitimate vietnamese establishments in the champaign - urbana area .
and they even bring the bean sprouts , herbs , and jalapeno slices .
but i am fine with that .
be wary of when you order though .
but the portions are fairly priced so that 's a plus .
their dim sum is delicious !
not only is it delicious , they have dim sum 11am - 3pm every day !
who does that !
it 's amazing !
forget rainbow garden - come here for real chinese food .
in my opinion , that is way too long for an hour lunch break .
i do not think that i 'll ever be returning .
food is good , only gave _num_ stars because of wait time .
then the shui mai comes out - - - same thing , wow ?
the dim sum here is delicious !
definitely recommend the dim sum .
they serve it every day from 11am - 3pm !
how have i not reviewed mandarin wok yet ?
the fried tofu is so good here .
the regular dinner menu is huge and the food is good .
dishes come out with pretty decent portions .
to me , that 's always a win .
so far the only on campus i know that have dim sum .
owner lady is extremely nice .
dim sum is available .
the only concern is the unsanitary look .
the food is all right .
chinese cuisine ai n't american fried shit .
trying to make everything always end up failing at everything .
the food is good though .
alright , i 'm back to not liking the dim sum here ... .
i question the health code standards here ... .
this is a very good place for authentic southern chinese food on campus .
even my parents ( they are chinese ) like this place .
it 's so good and absolutely authentic .
i guess this is predictable because of the inflation and increase in cost .
this is also the only place serving dim sum in champaign as of today .
the food is oily and lacks flavor .
overall , i feel like i really wasted my money here .
this place is a total rip off .
they overcharge you everything and hope you will never notice .
the lady doesnt really act nice to us cause we arent chinese ... the deep fried taro smells like straight up clorox and i was scared .
dont think ill come back here .
this place is filthy .
this is just a review of the facility .
the christie facility is well - designed , in a good location , and well - staffed .
mtd gets you there easily , too .
they make it ( ahem ) as painless as possible .
you are not alone , after typing that last one i hate myself too .
take care of biz w / your doc and you 're off .
my primary is here too and no hassles there either .
 `` building wealth '' is a frickin pillar of their values .
i hate them .
i drink my coffee black .
this is a horrible place .
even after they have already known you are healthy .
she is so bad that i get anxiety talking to her .
she makes mistakes , she shows her ego , and she does not care .
i pray you do not get her .
please fix .
i am so done with christie clinic .
they do n't know how to bill correctly !
another issue i had is for another annual exam .
christie clinic uses diagnosis codes for what they are trying to rule out .
better yet , just find a different healthcare facility to go to !
they suck .
for the last year and a half , my experience goes like this .
get cancelled and rescheduled 3 - 5 times .
doc changes my scripts , i call the pharmcy who never got them .
avoid going here at any cost !
very rude and unhelpful staff when it comes to complaints !
just save yourself lots of follow - up problems with billing and go to another place !
they are friendly and professional and dr z .
is very knowledgeable .
i highly recommend he and his staff .
they really get you in & out of there quick !
it 's always extremely rowdy , probably too rowdy for me these days .
yes , it 's dirty .
yes , it 's smelly .
college binge drinking at it 's finest .
not that that is necesarrily a good thing .
not so great at night when the typical crowd gets there .
just for the location ( across from thetas ) , you get 5stars .
the vomit smell is even there at like 8 am on tuesday mornings !
they 're right - kam 's blows .
it deserves zero stars .
you know how you can pin point freshman when they come to the uiuc ?
they 're toting around bright orange illini union bookstore bags .
same goes to the people who wait in line at kam 's .
the majority are freshman .
screw that .
look !
or maybe that was just me , i can never be sure .
kam 's is definitely an under age paradise .
who are you people giving these stupid reviews ?
do they ever mop ?
just get some toilet paper in the ladies room stalls !
this place is a nightmare .
there is nothing redeeming about this place .
the music is really really shit , not even ironic shit but honestly shit .
the only time i 'm ever here is during a bar crawl .
ever wonder why you ca n't get laid ?
because you are a nerd are you a sensible , intelligent human being ?
are you older than _num_ ?
does your clothing generally obscure your breasts/underwear/genitals from plain sight ?
are you averse to fist - pumping ?
does the pungent odor of beer - tinged vomit make you nauseous ?
like everyone else said , wasted freshmen , disgusting bathrooms , bad smells .
ladies ... pass this one up .
you can do better !
kams is always filled with student athletes with the throngs of girls surrounding them .
someone needs to mop it every once in awhile .
kam 's is one of the best bars in the world .
the basement is fantastic for parties and the staff is very knowledgeable .
the free popcorn is of gourmet quality .
 ( obviously i am a beer connoisseur . ) 
that 's saying something .
smells like a hamster cage in serious need of a bedding change .
drinks are totally average , albeit cheap .
the two stars are because the floors had many sticky diseases on it .
do n't they clean the floors ?
just walk by the place and be overwhelmed by the smell .
i 've been in the place once and it is gross .
this is n't just an `` i hate frats '' thing or something either .
note : this review only applies to august _num_ - may _num_ .
 ( this review also applies to the lesser - known koms ) this bar stinks !
this is the stinkiest , slimiest , stickiest bar i 've ever been to .
worst bar i 've been to , period .
the smell , what is it ?
this bar is the scummiest fucking shithole at uofi .
the answer to good for kids should be are you kidding .
went there to party , fun , but the establishment itself sucks .
dont go here until someone buys it again its really a piece of shit what an absolute dump .
everyone who goes to kams is underage .
more likely to see a high schooler in kams than a 21 + individual .
one star is too much .
i have n't been to kams since i went to college .
kams is the empyrean of champaign life .
five dollar cover ?
are you joking ?
leading psychologists say that smells ring bells * .
it is tasty and good and sweet to the tongue .
it dulls all the bad senses and electrifies the good ones .
it instills confidence where there was none , and reinvigorates the soul .
one suggestion is to start serving food .
a blue boy sandwich , now that is something .
* https : / / www.psychologytoday.com/blog/brain - babble/201501/smells - ring - bells - how - smell - triggers - memories - and - emotions frat boy douchebag feel .
there 's a strong smell of vomit throughout the bar .
writing this review is making me miss tis and college ... .
bookstore , but lately i am so far from a fan .
is almost always the cheapest of the three stores .
however , i can usually find all my books for much cheaper on amazon.com .
but cheap when they sell means cheap when they buy back ... for each dollar you spend , you earn a point .
after earning certain amount of points , you qualify for different prizes .
if ever i need something for a class , i 've always preferred tis .
if you get any gunk on the pages they do n't buy it .
they do n't buy it .
class does n't use it anymore ?
i recommend buying online from amazon prime or abebooks.com first .
i wish i could give _num_ stars .
the grocery has staples like plain old salt mixed in with mexican imports .
the produce sections has avocados for all your guacamole - making needs .
gracias a dios que hay una restaurante semiautentico en champaign !
the tamales are smallish but yummy .
go to el charro and eat real mexican food .
this place is amazing !
you have not tasted carnitas until you have tried theirs .
and even the tongue here is amazing .
make sure you wash it down with a jarrito ... preferably tamarind .
trust these west coast people , they know their stuff !
treat him right and he 'll take really good care of you .
his ingredients are much fresher than what i can get ... no fair .
as much as i like it , chipotle does n't count .
it 's a pretty easy place to miss .
he really deserves a medal for the effort .
for being in illinois , nothing else outside of chicago can compare .
the grocery store and food counter are unassuming and homey ( homely ? ) 
everything is super cheap for the quality and quantity .
it 's a non - corporate family venture , the same folks are always working .
if it looks good , and smells tasty , just eat !
alejandro is really friendly , and he 's kinda super hot as well .
this is the real deal .
the price is n't too bad at the grocery store at all .
he 's super nice and friendly .
nom nom nom nom nom this is what happened to the tamales i bought from el charro .
no frills , but that 's not what you go here for .
the owner is as friendly as they come .
this little taqueria reminds me of the ones back in chicago .
a hole in the wall but the food definitely makes up for it .
i recommend the lengua with their homemade hot sauce .
i 've kept for a secret long enough .
i always get the tacos with a jarrito .
the point is , the food here is really good .
everything seems really fresh , and the guy working there is always really friendly .
but do n't let the shadiness scare you away !
so if you like maize , definitely give el charro a chance !
for its size , el charro packs a punch .
i 've formerly only eaten in the restaurant here , which was always tasty .
i hope he reads this & rectifies the problem .
steak milanesa sandwich is so good !
the menudo is like grandmas .
the taco and burritos are really good too !
i 'm a regular .
i like maize , too , but i prefer el charro .
if you want a authentic food this is definitely the place to try .
usually that may mean good traditional food .
the carne asada is usually very tender the way it was prepared .
the problem is that it was thinly sliced so it was quite over cooked .
i 'm shocked that they have _num_ stars .
i like el charro a lot actually .
maize is a little better but the salsa at el charro is bomb .
the tortilla chips are better here too .
i am a fan of their tacos and rice/beans .
they give you a more generous portion .
i do n't think i 'll be heading back here .
tortillas/tacos are delicious !
salsa and chips are really good .
$ _num_ taco wednesdays _num_ .
sauces that come with the tacos .
reminds me of king taco in los angeles .
service can be slow .
takes some time getting things such as water , straw , fork , etc .
or maybe i 'm just a needy customer .
mexican music can get loud .
it 's a small grocery store & eatery .
the tacos always hit the spot .
pozole ( pork & hominy soup ) on the weekends is a special treat .
i like mine with plenty of lime & cilantro .
horchatas are huge & there are refills .
the storefront & the interior are small and not necessarily clean looking .
but the food is fantastic & alejandro is super nice .
there are a few tables/chairs if you want to eat in .
the tv is usually on quite loud .
let me say , i strongly regret this decision .
spend the extra few dollars and go to maize .
slowest service i 've ever had .
avoid !
the cook and waiters are nice .
the prices are good .
every time i eat here i order carne asada tacos & chips and salsa .
they 're understaffed though .
this place is great .
also the food is cheap !
i highly recommend el charro , steak tacos are great .
specifically on wednesday when they have their dollar tacos special .
the beef , chicken and pastor tacos are each a dollar every wednesday .
they are extremely flavorful .
the beef tacos are n't bad either , but i prefer the pastor tacos .
competitor of kam 's , which is right next door .
i love uiuc .
take a friend in case there 's no door .
for one , the name of this bar is `` c.o .
daniel '' - which stands for cochrane on daniel .
it 's a cochrane bar - imagine that .
it is affectionately known as `` c.o .
's '' or `` see ho 's '' .
co 's is slightly classier than kam 's and has a slightly older crowd .
they definitely get the job done .
honestly , it 's a typical college bar .
i still remember many faces but sadly , very few names .
enjoy your time there ... i 'd give anything to have it back !
 : - ) lots of choices that are made to order .
my favorite is the chicken cesar pita .
delivery takes a little while , so it 's best to pick up .
it 's open late ... i think until 3ish .
this is my favorite place to eat in champaign - urbana .
i hope they bring one to my home - town !
this place is over - rated .
dorcas is one of the best korean restaurant in cu in my opinion .
i love their combos because i always get to try different dishes .
my favorite is their grilled mackerel .
they give you tonnes of food as you can see from the pictures .
update : i retract my last statement .
you get very sizeable portions .
i love this place !
dorcas is a very standard korean restaurant ... that koreans actually go to !
the interior is clearly not meant for show , and while you know what ?
it makes the food stand out even better !
go to april 's .
for more details keep reading .
nothing on their window , their door , or online to indicate this .
very disappointing considering their job is flowers and the flowers they have are terrible .
also the flowers are listed so you know what you are getting .
it is your classic walgreen .
the people working there are very cool and they help y a lot !
clean , well lit , it 's a walgreens .
great greek food including awesome gyros !
this place gets busy as lunch because it 's right by the quad !
go on tuesdays for discount prices .
at least i have many more tuesdays ahead to take advantage !
the gyros here are decent and they have live music on certain days .
expect to pay a cover for the music .
i love the gyros here .
i love their cucumber sauce even more : ) cool place for lunch on campus ... their fries are great !
gyros , fries , and drinks to go .
this is where i spend _num_ minutes every tuesday night .
service is fast and it 's not usually too crowded .
it does have its location going for it , though .
what to say about it ... service is always great .
the people that work there always seem happy and treat you well .
prices are totally reasonable .
never eat here before a test .
i miss this place wish there was one in chicago .
they also have killians on tap and a fairly large bottle selection .
zorba 's is probably my favorite green street eatery .
i usually eat healthy , well - balanced meals .
however , i occasionally indulge with something less health - friendly .
when i indulge , i go to zorba 's .
a zorba 's gyro is heaven for the tastebuds .
but zorba 's is here to help you with portion control !
i like how they offer their gyros in _num_ different sizes .
oh , and try the cucumber sauce .
ah zorba 's , makes me feel young again .
yum their gyros are some of the best .
i like that they have different sizes of gyros .
pass on the spinach pie though , it 's not very good .
yum their cucumber sauce is awesome .
they also have a wonderful honey dijon for the chicken gyros .
good food and i love all the dipping sauces .
best gyro i 've had on campus .
i miss you zorba 's !
the food is relatively good .
the fries are the best .
it 's an ok restaurant , check it out !
i 've been happy with both kinds of gyros .
now , i only wish there were a zorba 's in my college town .
fries are good as well , overall great experience .
this is my favorite place to eat on green street .
this place is fantastic .
everything from their gyros to hummus to fries are all on point .
i absolultely love gyros so this is a no - brainer for me .
i feel like this place is a staple of quick , delicious campus food .
not to mention the gyros are bomb .
go if you have n't already !
everything it does , niro 's gyros does both better and cheaper .
so maybe i am not the target audience .
but the thing is , i love gyros !
the ones at zorba 's are comparatively small .
the problem is that the meat is not very good .
it has kind of a gritty texture and an off flavor .
it reminds me of the frozen gyro meat you can get at grocery stores .
decor is old - fashioned as fits a local institution .
there is sort of a grease - haze that hangs in the air .
but here 's to hoping !
i wish them a speedy recovery .
i 'll be back for the holidays and hope they have re - opened by then .
the whole family enjoy the food .
it 's the only place my dad will eat fries .
the gyros on the other hand are !
we get the lamb ones .
the food is consistent good and served quickly .
and i love the illini memorabilia .
parking is an issue as they have no dedicated lot .
otherwise , be very patient with finding parking - especially during lunch time .
zorba 's has re - opened !
brand new interior ( looks nice ! ) 
the food is n't bad ; i 've just had better .
welcome back zorbas !
not the best i 've ever had , but easily the best in town .
i 'm sorry we waited , the food in the shop is even better !
have only been there once but was a big fan of the gyros .
i 'm so happy they re - opened after the fire .
i 've been a customer for _num_ years i have gone with the gyros both times and have not been disappointed .
the food is delicious and the prices are very reasonable .
pass up the chains and go to zorba 's .
take it from an illini - you wo n't be disappointed .
zorbas is amazing and an important part of my uiuc experience !
a great place for gryos , their cucumber sauce is the best !
i have a gyro or two every time i 'm back in champaign .
this place has always been a favorite of mine .
i 'm so glad they came back after the fire , better than ever .
i especially like that they offer a small size of their gyros sandwich .
they have excellent fries as well .
service is always fast and friendly .
keep up the good work !
zorba 's is still my favorite gyro place of all time .
the food is delicious and they have some pretty unique sauces .
the meat is always tender and flavorful , never dry or bland .
check them out !
i always stop by for a bite when i 'm back in town .
it 's pretty good .
i 'm never unhappy at zorba 's .
check their daily specials before you go in some of them are great .
the fact that you can order a small , medium .
brilliantly seasoned too , the meat is definitely what sets these gyros apart .
the place has a nice , local college hotspot feel .
this is simply one of my favorite spots in town .
they say that consistency is the hallmark of excellence .
i also prefer subbing in onion rings or fried mushrooms for fries .
the gyros are authentic and the santiki ( ? ) 
sauce is second to none .
greek salads are another highlight .
gyros are soooo tasty , i keep coming back for more .
price is okay and service is fast .
seriously try their gyros .
their tzatziki sauce is still my favorite , and the chili is delicious .
i almost want to binge drink so i can eat here the next day .
the salad does n't have enough cheese !
the store is right on green street and impossible to miss walking by .
inside is pretty cool , open style kitchen and lots of indoor seating .
restaurant review : there are daily specials which is posted on the sign outside .
other than that the combos are about 7 - 8 dollars a pop .
this is where it falls short .
the fries that come with the combo is a very small portion .
additionally , they are quite stingy with the meat , i.e .
they actually weigh and measure how much gyro meat you are getting .
but who knows .
pro : fast service , self service no need to tip hidden gem : _num_ .
you can use the belly card to earn points toward free items _num_ .
daily specials tuesday - _num_ dollar of gyro and 1/2 price fries , _num_ dollar off veggie sandwiches wednesday - 1/4 lb beef hot dog , fries , and pepsi _num_ dollars thursday - bbq pulled pork , fries , pepsi _num_ dollars friday - fish sandwich , fries , pepsi _num_ not a bad lunch spot .
cool that they do jazz on some nights .
zorba 's has the best gyros , hands - down .
so glad that they rebuilt !
coming back in july , zorba 's !
location is great .
this place is a u of i must - eat !
just stick with a gyros sandwich ( the fries are mediocre ) .
you like gyros ?
you like fresh fries ?
you like green street ?
the meat is always juicey and the fries always salty .
love the food at atmosphere .
and they keep that line moving .
they do n't have beer anymore which has helped university productivity .
this is some incredibly tasty and greasy food .
the biggest pro - they have a tzatziki dispenser !
the price is great , you can eat here for just about $ _num_ .
this is a good place to stop by for some quick and tasty food .
it is near campus , which is convenient for students .
this is incredibly dishonest and ungrateful .
moreover , it 's a sign of pure laziness by the owners .
the food is always nothing short of excellent .
it is a staple , and a local landmark .
long live !
now ... where am i going to put all this food ?
this is a staple in campus town for good reason .
check them out if you 're in the mood for a gyro .
i have to admit i liked garcia 's pizza .
it 's all about the crust which has an amazing flavor !
i just get cheese pizza here the crust needs little to dress it up .
i 've in fact driven _num_ miles just to get this pizza .
garcia 's have the best pizza outside of chicago .
this place is horrible .
the service is very rude .
well here we go .
go fightin ' illini and thank you te ` shurt !
so i 'm not the target audience here .
but they are one of the few places left to get chief apparel .
chief apparel of any sort is enough to make me a fan .
the service i have received from te shurt has been great .
that 's life for ya .
i 'm not sure why i never came here as a student .
the selection is smaller and the best thing is the donuts with creme fraiche .
cafe luna is lovely at lunch time , with tapas at dinner .
there 's patio seating in nice weather , and an intimate dining room otherwise .
it 's nice to know that you can find fine dining in champaign .
it is the best tapas place that i have ever experienced .
i really want to drive back down to have it some more ... .
it is a classy , delicious , fine - dining tapas establishment .
the food is great ... read on for more of that later ... we consider ourselves patient , but this service was very weird .
plan to spend $ 50 - 75 for two people .
well ... luna still falls seriously short for me .
how do you not notice that ?
how do you screw up your special ?
sorry luna , after two attempts now , i 'm not coming back .
with that said , i like the lighting .
the silky pillows that match the walls do not work .
cafe luna just needs more polish on their food and better trained waiters .
i hate to say it , but luna is pretty overrated .
as others have noted , the goat cheese balls are fantastic .
this is the old standby for romantic dinners with my husband .
it 's a wonderful experience going there and it wo n't totally bankrupt you .
their wines are always amazing .
i 'm one of these wine snobs who is also totally ignorant about wine .
i can say this was absolutely the best experience we had in urbana .
enjoy .
however , their new location is n't as great as the old one .
it has changed .
i mean purple and bloody , too , not just slightly pink .
i have never seen poultry that undercooked in a restaurant before .
now , at the new larger place , they seem a bit stretched .
i 'm back !
long hiatus over , back to yelping . ) 
if nothing else , try their goat - cheese balls .
the same girl came over and was like , do you have a reservation ?
but how can you mess up salad .
so i guess that was a bad selection .
okay here 's the deal , i personally think the food is great !
however , the service is so - so .
the waitresses are hit or miss - - sometimes excellent and sometimes moody/incompetent .
the bathrooms are awesome .
gray and sleek with lots of mirrors .
one thing : why are the toilets set so close to the ground ?
wow , first meetings are deceiving .
we do n't offer entrees until dinner time . '' 
my bad on messing up foodie - language .
excuse me .
oh man , these are to die for .
i wholeheartedly recommend ) .
what gives luna the four stars ?
 ( and expect a review after then too . ) 
we love luna !
they also pour generous glasses of wine .
it is such a cute restaurant .
like several other reviews here have said , they are just not the same .
this is the best restaurant in c - u .
the atmosphere is very quaint .
i am very excited to try their brunch menu sometime .
it 's perfect for a brunch but filling enough for later on too .
tapas is an awesome concept , and luna does it well .
they always have many small plates to choose from .
food has ranged from mediocre to very good .
great place to take a date .
it is practically the best thing on the menu and never disappoints .
not nearly as good and has a smaller/weirder selection of tapas .
and bring at least $ 40/person .
maybe i 'm not in the right crowd to enjoy the food .
the omelets are delicious .
it 's not perfect .
i 've had avocado issues .
i have had two experiences at luna cafe , one of which was good .
there is no way these could count as tapas .
needless to say , very disappointing , not worth the hefty price tag .
enjoy the ambiance of luna and there is solid food for the price .
but this is not a great restaurant ; it 's a lazy restaurant .
alas for you luna , you are deceived because this is not true anymore .
there are a lot of good places to eat now .
 _num_ hours for lunch is too long .
the food at luna is quite good and they have a nice bar .
nice ambiance but portions are kinda small .
thank you so much for doing so .
cafe luna is outstanding in several areas .
the food preparation is perfect .
dishes are high class .
the ambiance and decor are luxurious , but prices are quite reasonable .
service is competent , but not exceptional .
food : it is rare for a kitchen to get all of the little things right .
cafe luna 's kitchen gets every little detail right .
see the restaurant web site for the full menus for each meal time .
decor and ambiance : in any case , ceilings are high , as are the windows .
tables and chairs are very comfortable , the latter being upholstered .
service is ok , but not exceptional .
there appears to be a nice outdoor seating area .
service : service is competent but not exceptional .
price : price for value received is outstanding .
even in absolute terms , the prices are on the low side .
other : there are large public parking lots a block or two away from the restaurant .
i highly recommend cafe luna .
how is that possible ?
food this good merits _num_ stars .
i see no reason why the rest of the menu wo n't impress .
ok - this review has been a long time coming .
i have visited luna four times now and each time is worse than before .
i have gone for lunch multiple times and it always averages two hours b.c .
the service is soooo slow .
the chef is searching for the pasta . '' 
no thank you .
this place is so overrated it 's not even funny .
it 's so cold , loud and crowded .
disgusting !
i have a few qualms with luna .
i want to love this place but service is a huge deal for me .
the reviews are all over the place and many of them criticize the service .
the tapas themselves are where the place got knocked down to _num_ stars .
third course : new york strip steak and lamp chops i swear on my life this is the worst steak i 've ever had .
what can i say ?
i understand it was a set menu day and their tapas are better .
however , what self - respecting chef/cook serves food this low - quality to anyone on anyday ?
i enjoy good food , but i 'm definitely no snob .
here is the review i posted on june 13th , _num_ : dear caf luna , you had ruined my graduation dinner on may 14th , _num_ .
thank you so much for doing so .
the beignets and eggs benedict are killerrrr .
ok , i am a food snob from los angeles .
this is tame in comparison .
this is probably my favorite place to eat in c - u .
i come from boston , the land of _num_ indian restaurants .
however , bombay definitely hits the spot .
my husband is a bit more adventurous and he has never been disappointed .
it is quite a small place with _num_ or less small tables .
it 's usually the naan that fills me up , not the curry .
i absolutely think that bombay grill has the best chicken mahkani .
no restaurants in chicago ( even on devon ) can compare !
i love their garlic naan too .
this is one of my favorite places in cu .
chicken tikka and lamb curry are my favorites .
with a mango lassi expect to pay around _num_ bucks after tax and tip .
food is always fast and fresh here .
but i 'm not complaining !
this place makes no qualms about itself .
it is a solid punjabi joint , creamy curries , paneer and all .
the staff stare like they have never seen a woman before .
disgusting .
for all intents and purposes , this restaurant is basmati 's all over again .
the main courses cost about $ _num_ more than on green street .
yes , please !
why is the lunch so affordable ?
this is indian food for poor college students .
bombay has been one of my favorite restaurants in champaign for almost _num_ years .
it 's dark and cozy inside and smells of masala and fresh yogurt .
great selection of vegetarian entrees , too , for those that are into that !
when i 'm there , i go to this place all the time .
in case that were n't enough , they frequently give me free stuff .
i do n't totally understand why .
i 'm not really a regular , and i 'm not a supermodel .
maybe everybody gets free stuff .
i 'm not one to look a gift daal in the mouth .
this place has a great variety of food !
go here for lunch !
the portion is bigger and it 's cheaper .
the naan here is absolutely to die for .
the naan is fresh and amazing .
the naan is really great too .
i also enjoy the aloo tikki appetizer , as well as the samosas .
the naan is very good .
try the vegetable vindaloo - i put it on the menu !
i miss it .
particular favorite is the saag paneer and spicy chana aloo .
delicious curry , their _num_ is also amazing .
they have several kinds of _num_ , try the garlic or cheese stuffed !
the food is really good , terrific .
i know indian food .
well , you can use your imagination .
pretty ridiculous if you ask me .
i 've eaten at a lot of indian places and i love indian food .
food is not so tasty to admire .
it doesnt have the true authentic indian food taste .
they are smart enough to rob people .
sub - par indian food , which passes in town .
how is that there is no good indian food in champaign - urbana ?
there are so many amazing korean and chinese places .
the food here is generic and bland .
i know this because i am one of them .
this restaurant is a great deal for dinner !
only two negatives , no liquor license and the atmosphere is a bit lacking .
prices are very reasonable .
the food is good by champaign standards and ok by larger market standards .
this is the best indian food you 'll find in urbana - champaign .
many indian restaurants either are afraid of using spices or carelessly overdo it .
bombay grill nails that aspect , so it gets five stars from me .
their butter chicken and tandoori roast chicken are worth trying .
saag paneer is phenomenal for those interested in vegetarian options .
lunchtime special can not be beat !
we love bombay on green st !
lunch menu is cheaper .
that being said its great .
i just wish it did n't spill out .
so driver , easy on them turns !
i love this place !
the waiters are always attentive and friendly - if not too friendly .
learn from my mistake !
i wish i took a picture of the menu , maybe next time .
you also get a potato pakora .
$ _num_ for grilled chicken and a few grilled onions is not a bargain .
the food is pretty good .
around 9 : 30 pm , i get a call from the delivery person .
he says , `` do you have your credit card ? '' 
i respond , `` no . '' 
mind you , i am in the law building .
my stuff is on the other side of the law building .
the naan is big and fresh .
the service is sub par .
the vindaloo tastes okay .
the lassi is waaayyy too thick .
they do have mango kulfi , which ambar does not .
this place is fantastic for lunch .
service is quick and the staff is friendly .
still , the food is reliable and delicious - check it out !
who works the counter .
 _num_ ) their samosas are amazing .
always get them !
bombay folks , please fix this !
really need to reduce prices rather than raising them .
the food is just average indian food , nothing special .
even when you eat in .
the food is n't cheap enough for that .
indian food has been my kryptonite as of late .
like the other reviews , it seems that overall bombay is a little overpriced .
i love the food in here !
i didnt finish the lamb biryani , perfect flavoring the malay masala was good too !
does n't seem like they put any effort into their food or service .
bombay grill is hands - down my favorite on - campus restaurant .
the curry is always creamy and flavorful .
i hope not to offend the manager but rather to have my vexation understood .
but that 's not my only source of frustration .
it 's just not knowing what you 're getting and making prices willy nilly .
the food is truly delicious though .
food is delicious .
i 'm not entirely sure i know they stay in business .
the ambiance is definitely lacking enough that i take down a star .
i mean , i 'm pretty sure it 's everyone 's favorite .
on their best days , they 're amazing !
= x i 've ordered takeout before during lunch hours and was always charge lunch price .
call them potato pakora .
that 's it , no more trying indian restaurants in champaign .
they carry a full line of humidores and smoking accessories .
it is a little cramped , but that 's of little consequence .
i just wish they 'd carry some smaller humidors .
i have n't been steered wrong by the staff yet .
excellent discussions ensue over many a bowl of excellent tobacco .
friends frequently bring items to share with others as well .
these fellows go above and beyond .
he always brings his best pipes and they sell them at excellent prices .
[ sorry folks , we are plagued with anti - smoking laws here as well ] antiques can be found in the estate drawers .
not all of them are low - priced !
be sure to say hi to pat .
he 's fantastic .
[ i have a tobacconist !
stuff like that makes me like this place even more !
feel confident in the suggestions made .
i think the owner said that they have ~ 60k cigars in stock .
additionally , this is by far the least expensive shop i have been to .
they 've got a great selection of cigars and pipes .
many other shops seem to carry pipes as an afterthought .
that 's not the case at jon 's .
they have a huge selection of pipes , and most are priced fairly .
plenty of accessories to round out your shopping experience .
this shop is everything that a pipe collector could want .
the shop keepers however , are smug and condescending .
other than that ... great place to smoke .
the food is great for lunch .
drink specials at night are super cheap .
i think they have $ _num_ pitchers every night .
you 're a real asshole . '' 
but sweet jesus , are they good .
now my cousin works there and hooks me up when i 'm in town .
even so , i still only politely ask for two and fries .
i do n't want anyone to think he 's still an asshole .
 : ) these are seriously the best ever .
the breading , the sheer size , the honey mustard dipping sauce - mouth - watering !
these are the best chicken strips i have ever had .
they are huge !
great pizza on mondays deal !
this is good `` italian '' pizza .
 ( as italian as they say they are . ) 
seriously , how can you win the hearts of your customers with stinginess .
first , the service is slow .
second , the food is not that good .
gyros are below the average and chicken is too greasy !
i do n't wan na talk about fries ... so , this place is so overrated !
however , the servbice is still sooo slow .
the chicken fingers are exactly as good as advertised .
they 're the only reason i still order from this place .
other than that , it 's fairly crappy .
i 've had them lose my order before .
i sort of hate the place .
they 're good enough for me to sometimes ignore how bad everything else is .
i 've only ever gotten their chicken fingers combo .
the fries are kind of meh .
really , it 's all about the chicken .
i have to knock them a couple stars because they serve everything in styrofoam .
and because the restaurant does n't have a/c .
geovanti 's has one of the best chicken strip .
the chicken strips are ginormous !
also get the honey mustard sauce and you 're game !
however the fries are n't that great and lacks flavor .
overall , the service is mediocre .
it 's good when the workers are in a good mood .
it 's bad when the workers are pissed off at some stupid drunk .
it is true , other than the chicken strips this place sucks .
here are some tips for ordering : - ordering at night ?
do delivery rather than take out .
delivery is actually relatively good on campus .
 - ask for extra crispy .
i do n't think i will ever return .
best damn chicken fingers i 've ever had .
that is all .
but that 's all .
so i come .
they 're that big .
you 're almost there geos !
i wonder how many people come in late night stoned with the munchies ... .
but who can turn down amazing chicken strips ?
i can tell you that i will never order from geovanti 's again .
under those conditions , i say go for it .
otherwise , stay away .
it 's cheap , the food is delicious and you get extremely large portions .
the top _num_ things are : _num_ .
bet you ca n't finish a 5 - piece !
gyro - i love their gyro 's !
again , these things are massive so be prepared for leftovers !
i miss you geovanti 's !
and that 's about all i have to say about that .
i 've never had the pleasure of a problem - free order from geovanti 's .
everything else i 've had here is kind of low quality though .
the pasta sauce has no flavor and the gyros are garbage .
i really do like their chicken strips .
not so tasty the next day unless you put in oven .
the actual place is pretty dive .
dining in is pretty meh , it 's usually hot and sticky .
i love the chicken strips from here .
they have the best ranch dressing that i have ever had !
very happy that these two pieces of gold can be found in lincoln park !
those chicken tenders are a force to be reckon with .
however , the food is always a gamble .
fights with drunk/stupid customers never get old .
illini inn is the last dive bar remaining in campus .
go forth .
chug a beer .
join the mug club .
we 've pretty much given up .
it 's not a two star because i remember the glory days .
maybe , seriously , the funniest thing i have ever seen .
thank you for a memory that never fails to make me smile .
this is no joe 's , legends , or brothers .
most of the bartenders are polite , patient , and fun .
it 's a champaign institution .
too bad it may have gone downhill since .
the mug club is fun and makes this dive worth the visit .
this is a true neighborhood bar .
going back for at least one beer this weekend before the football game .
you say dive , i say hell yeah !
but the inn is entirely untainted .
the inn feels like a home .
in the end , that 's really all you could ask for .
we do n't go out , we go inn .
hopefully they do n't let anyone else downstairs anymore .
nothing good can come from that .
how does this place stay in business ?
apparently our two kinds of geek do not mesh .
g - mart has a better selection and the employees are helpful and funny .
i totally understand this .
overall , go to other realm if convenience is your biggest factor .
if you have a car , go to g - mart .
i have to say i found the shopping experience to be generally unpleasant .
i look at him like huh ?
i explain i am kneeling and was n't even reading just looking .
i have n't been treated that bad in a store since i was _num_ .
i mean really when was the last time you dusted dude ?
for fast food sandwiches , i vote subway .
the only benefit of jimmy john 's is that they deliver .
wow ... no effort to satisfy a customer at all .
turkey sandwich are great here and they make it super quickly .
its much better than subway although that is not saying much nowadays .
the delivery is fast and consistently good .
online ordering is great .
i usually stop in on my way to work at least once .
i also live about a mile away .
thats some hardcore s ** t right there .
keep it up jj 's !
food is very good and accurate .
normally less than _num_ in phoenix , which is about 30x as large .
when you order they just tell you `` as fast as we can '' .
every jj in any other city tells you x minutes .
but paying $ 9ish before tip is a little steep .
they stand a much better chance of being adopted .
i can not believe how awesome this place is .
the place is really clean and the staff are very very very helpful !
i wish all other shelters were like this : x adopted a _num_ year old cat .
i have a pet adoption application pending .
hopeful i get to come home with a new walkin buddy !
she is a _num_ year old border collie lab mix named lily .
i 'm positive she was abused by her previous family .
the dogs there are all sad .
the staff are very compassionate and helpful !
they do great work here .
donate or adopt !
good lo mein , and more recently they 've added thai entrees .
most dishes are vegetarian .
we can no longer call this place hog ... since they added the thai .
delivery is nice .
lacking a few of the standard components .
word of mouth is the only way to go here .
zomg this place is a uiuc mainstay .
it is fairly cheap and you get lots of asian food .
can we say gross ?
it 's not as if i had high expectations ... .
location is pretty bad for visibility , even if it 's convenient to campus .
i think that 's pretty sop here in cu , though .
portion sizes are okay .
for the uninitiated , there are basically three menus here .
the best menu is their authentic chinese menu .
this is on the wall to the right as you enter .
the third menu is the menu of thai items .
the place is small , but man the food is amazing !
every time ( no joke ) they have messed up my order .
save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else .
this is my favorite chinese place down here .
and that 's a good thing for hog .
the strangest rubbery texture i have yet seen .
vegetarians beware .
but it depends on whether if you are a panda express guy .
the place is small and average cleanness .
this is the worst chinese food i have ever had in my entire life .
read the bad reviews .
fish fillet floating in grease with absolutely no taste .
avoid at all cost .
why go here when there are much better restaurants around .
on another note , apparently they have hotpots there now ?
never go here .
they have the worst food in entire urbana - champaign area .
this place is under new management and is much improved .
to reiterate what has been said a couple times already , new ownership/management .
the lunch and dinner serving styles are different .
both are extremely good deals .
lunch is served like a school cafeteria with 6 - 9 entrees offered that alternate daily .
dinner is fantastic .
variety on the menu is incredible ; over _num_ different dishes offered .
my favorite dishes : the stir fried green beans are unbelievable .
they chili oil fish is fantastic if you like spicy food and fish .
ma po tofu has a truly authentic mala spicy taste .
the employees are very willing to tweak any dish to any preferred taste .
downsides : small venue so it gets extremely crowded noon - 1 and 6 - 7 .
i look forward to coming back again and ordering off of the dinner menu .
the lunch line moves quickly .
i love this place .
the name is so quirky too , which is what originally drew me in .
it 's not all made of the batter and sauce like most places .
you actually taste the chicken here .
it is sooo cheap , and you get a mountain of food .
i can never finish all of mine !
the ladies serving are so friendly as well .
if you like peppers , that is the dish for you .
as other reviews have said , the portions are large and inexpensive .
eat here .
eat everything here .
or do n't eat here .
come back the next day and do it again .
do it the next day .
go home and think about your life .
go to the gym .
do everything to not think about the food .
wait sleeplessly for dawn .
wait the eternity for the gift from above to get to you .
leave and never be the same again .
do n't be put off by its humble size and decor .
its portions are more than generous .
to top it off the service is always friendly , and super generous .
we are currently making `` i heart hog '' shirts .
this place is serious .
this restaurant is amazing !
i 've never gotten more value as a college student in my life .
a lunch special honestly equals about two meals .
oh my goodness , how i love home of gourmet .
hope they have more space .
service is so - so but understandable since they are so busy .
it 's only _num_ cents to add on another entree .
listen , they do n't mess around with the portions .
they give you a lot of food , for so little !
and it 's damn good food too .
this is my strongest preference !
everything i 've gotten here i 've liked .
the dishes are all put together well .
i 've been here again since my first review .
man , this place is so packed during lunch hours .
i do like the free water bottles that come with your orders though .
everything is pretty much pre made and very quick to get .
the staff is very friendly .
i usually get the orange chicken with rice and bok choy .
food is delicious and portions are extremely generous for the price .
the place may look a little janky but defintely worth stopping by .
they also have a wide variety to choose from .
never tried their entrees but the platters that you pick from are always delicious .
they have good portions and a great menu of your basic thai dishes .
they have different chefs so it tastes a little different each time .
i love the pad se ewe and pad thai .
this place is very affordable and is a favorite among uiuc students .
however , the food is practically tasteless .
this , i have to say is a major disappointed .
avoid at all cost .
a quick look at the menu : it looks pretty standard .
and walk in .
the spring rolls were okay , i suppose , though really not that great .
first , why do they use ground chicken ?
that 's just wrong .
ground chicken is wrong .
the latter ( basil thai ) is by far the worst .
in summary , two words : stay away .
the red and green curry is also awesome .
no , potatoes do not count .
they 're not green .
curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor .
their service is quick and relatively inexpensive .
however , there are better sit - down thai restaurants in town .
i usually order both because i need my fix when i 'm home .
i miss basil thai : ( doug , doug and more doug !
really nice massage practice covering champaign/urbana/savoy .
the arc location offers student discounts , too !
kim moore is fantastic , as are the other staff i 've worked with .
strongly recommend .
i 'm done with enterprise for good .
this place is awesome .
but how is that possible if i rented from them so many times already ?
they are nice .
never renting with them again ... i do not recommend it !
by far the worst service i have ever had in my life .
words can not explain how greatly i regret giving ppm my money .
do not rent from ppm .
oh god , where do i start ?
ppm is one of the leaders in this area .
stay away !
staff is rude , inconsiderate .
staff is not friendly .
this company 's name is a joke .
i have lived in la , chicago , nyc for many years .
but that 's not the worst part .
why not appeal to god directly ?
say they are doing it for jesus ?
so , the work is quality and they do not gouge you .
rick 's has always been good to me , extremely fair and competent .
they are uber - honest , and way more affordable and quicker than a dealer .
they 've handled everything from my toyota mini - van to my porsche .
my car is a range rover .
although the price is a little bit high , they are the best .
they know my car and can solve the problem exactly .
rick himself is a very down to earth guy , and very skilled .
they seem fair , honest , and able .
i have been going by millage since i started driving .
i never drive 3 , 000 miles in _num_ months .
when they can clearly see that my car is 15 , 000 miles from that benchmark .
their approach to customer service is bizarre .
i cant say thats ever happened to me before so i was very pleased .
there 's a _num_ dollar coupon on their website too .
i go here for an oil change .
they are super fast and friendly !
i know they can wear early , but that is really early .
that explains my poor performance !
pretty efficient and recommend their early bird specials 2/21/2015 i stopped by to get my oil changed on my way home .
having asthma his `` sorry '' was n't good enough .
i come here every time i need a oil change .
i never have any problems with them .
the staff is very friendly .
they get the job done fast and well .
there is n't much more i could ask for .
they go over all the recommendations so its easy to understand .
highly recommend .
i always go here for an oil change .
i have never had this problem .
now you 're looking at luke warm veggies with semi - warm meat .
it just takes too dang long to get the entire meal on your plate .
wow , get way to start & end a meal .
either way , the food is eh for 20 + dollars .
for a one time experience , i say it 's worth it .
do n't waste your time .
the price may be decent , but the food lacks the same feeling .
it 's worth trying .
champaign has a few places that purport to sell japanese food .
ko - fusion and a few chiefly korean restaurants come to mind .
first of all this is not one of my favorite types of foods .
the portions are really small which really did n't bother me .
i think this place deserves a _num_ star .
i really have a mixed feeling about this place .
i love this place .
it looks nice and very clean on the inside .
we have been dining here since _num_ .
quality is way above average and they honor their reservations .
oustanding service .
miso or clear soup ( tip : add pepper if you like ) house dressing - to die for ... mmmmm the best dressing sauteed mushrooms !
treat yourself !
take a date !
have a brew !
as far as i remember , this place is pretty good .
love their sushi and tapan .
this place is always packed for reasons i ca n't quite grasp .
the parking lot looks crowded every time i drive by .
i only have one thing to say about the service here .
this is the kind of place that gives sushi a bad reputation .
menu presents typical appetizers individual cuts rolls bento boxes and dinners , again typical .
service , mediocre , collage or high school fumbling job .
i have eaten here a few times , depite the poor reviews .
place is relatively nice .
i recommend the rainbow roll , fantastic .
we still stop in most every time i visit , usually for the teppan .
still , they do well .
the food tastes the way a public bathroom smells .
i think they raid dumpsters for their ingredients .
i have frequented miko 's , but a meal at kamakura has converted me .
the sushi is fresh tasting and just delicious .
for the champaign area this is as good as it gets .
i go for the sushi and i have never been disappointed .
the fish is the highest quality you can get in the area .
sushi is all about the rice and kamakura has the best in town .
the food is great and seasoned appropriately .
the service is also great .
overall this is the best japanese restaurant in town .
it 's cheap for what you get .
the service is friendly and warming .
i 've tried kofusion , sushi kame , and yellowfin .
the teppan is great as well .
each chef has a unique personality and cooking style .
it makes going more often enjoyable and different everytime .
this is the only japanese restaurant owned by a japanese family .
i can not image turning away business in a poor economy .
the sushi at kamakura is good .
i have n't been and wo n't be back .
you leave feeling so full !
the problem with this place is the service .
going there with girl .
minutes go by .
after almost an hour , talking to the waiter .
more time passes by .
finally my lunch box comes in .
in market place mall is many many degrees of magnitude better .
how about the sushi we ask ?
to go .
you really are better off buying sushi at schnuks .
there are much better places in the nearby area .
i think this place is one of the better sushi places in champaign - urbana .
not every place has this good of unagi !
quality is what kamakura presented .
the sign is n't flashy , but this place is definitely worth noticing . ) 
there is only _num_ teppanyaki grills and at least _num_ chefs .
this is not benihana .
i repeat , this is not benihana .
this is a nicer place .
their major foible is the fact that their food never truly gets you stuffed .
this place does neither .
the price is n't worth it for the quality or quantity .
what else can i say ?
i 'm going back soon .
not enough waiters , the chef has to come out to serve by himself .
staff is so friendly .
we always sit at the sushi bar .
i love the salad with house dressing !
i 've never had a bad meal there !
the service is very slow .
the ramen is so bad .
hard to eat .
i will never order it again this place is a joke !
never coming here again !
one to take our order and two to give us our food !
first to be seated last to be served !
this place sucks !
take your chances on a saturday night !
i think she might have been busy and been given too many tables .
 - reservations are suggested .
i * love * this store .
 - prices are decent , but not always affordable .
cons : - they have no return policy .
that 's pretty crappy , especially for a store that offers some pricy items .
this is my biggest problem with the store by far .
 - they run out of a lot of stuff close to halloween .
so do n't go looking for something two specific or you may be disappointed .
dude , this place is awesome .
there 's also some rentals if you need something last minute .
no matter what , the staff is super helpful .
there 's also , of course , a whole magic section .
my _num_ year old loves to check out all the costumes .
the staff is super nice and do n't mind her trying things on .
we usually do n't buy much .
i have gotten a couple birthday gifts there .
good source for little kids ' party favors .
and needless to say , i do n't have that problem anymore .
i highly recommend this eye care place .
their frames selection is very limited in terms of economic pricing .
so i go back to get it adjusted .
doctor ( i think johnson ) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well .
dr. sanders is excellent .
dr. sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond .
definitely recommend .
she is very knowledgeable and willing to help me out .
this place is deceiving .
i wish i never had known about the place .
 : ) ) , and it 's appreciated !
this is like the original seaboat x _num_ .
it 's well ventilated , there 's seating , and there 's a tv .
the food is still awesome .
i 'm just jealous that this came around long after i left the area .
seaboat is the best fried southern food around .
the wait is long , but the food is definitely worth it !
i have been there twice and both times i have not been that impressed .
the fish is n't anything special either .
maybe it 's because i am not a regular .
i do n't think i will give this place a third chance .
a few favorite things are great here .
the best strategy is to call ahead .
i always call ahead .
what we 've ordered over two visits : sides : fries ( a bit undercooked , but decent ) .
i wish they would note this on the menu .
fyi : the fish is served on wheat buns .
i wish they had better bread .
the prices are excellent and the variety on the menu is outstanding .
she 's the expert and her word is gospel .
that 's my personal preference .
i want to come back and try the fried chicken !
just love their fried fish , either in a dinner or a sandwich .
fries are good .
my favorite side is their slaw .
there is pineapple in it and it just hits the spot .
always have a piece of sweet potato pie for dessert .
price is reasonable .
seating for dining in and the place is very clean .
definitely recommend .
it 's very clean inside and the service is friendly .
prices are n't super - cheap but the quality is very good .
i like their seaboat fish sandwich , and their fries are thick and delicious .
additional sides are quite pricey for the small quantity you get .
better to stick with the combos and skip the a la carte items .
if you do , you can eat here for under ten bucks .
free refills on drinks if you 're dining in .
i recommend seaboat !
hmm , but that 's not it .
i agree - better than heat lamps and microwaves any day .
this is a qualified _num_ stars .
the service here can be quite bad .
their sides are also generally pretty good , with a ton of variety .
finally , finish it off with some sweet potato pie which is excellent .
there 's not much i can actually say about it .
if you have room , get some sweet potato pie .
it is great .
i have never tried it , but one can order online as well .
if staying in one of the hotels near assembly hall or the stadium .
the fried fish , though , is fantastic .
the seaboat sandwhich is great .
the wait is pretty long , so just be sure to call ahead .
online menu is vague .
mac and cheese is awesome but small portions .
biggest complaint is drive thru window ... beyond slow , give yourself _num_ minutes wow .
i am just not that soulful .
the seaboat sandwich is the best fish sandwich i 've ever had .
i love the okra and the collard greens .
however their customer service is the worst .
i 've eaten just about all of the fish and chicken entrees , delicious !
that 's the price you pay for deliciousness .
go to windy city express if you want good food and timely service !
the catfish is fire !
it is well done and worth the wait .
i also like seaboat because there are many non - pork options .
orders take a little while so it 's best to call ahead .
i love this place !
a little pricey but the quality of food is really good .
the food is great .
the wait is insane .
are they catching the fish ?
well do n't i feel special .
the food here is great .
this is the kind of restaurant i could eat at everyday .
it looks like you can call ahead too .
mistakes happen , as a restaurant your goal is to make the customer happy .
not very fast but the food is fresh and tasty .
i love their coleslaw .
the food is very good , but your wait may be longer than stated .
the seaboat is now permanently closed .
the champaign olive garden has declined significantly within the last year .
well , it 's not like that anymore .
i do n't think i will be going back there ever again .
in truth , the food quality is comparable to a fast food restaurant .
i know it 's just olive garden .
i know it 's an evil chain restaurant and a glorified mcdonalds .
i guess the thing is that it did n't used to be this way .
i think i 've heard that they are under new management .
but now it 's not .
the seams are showing .
quality of service and presentation has gone way down .
corners are being cut and it shows .
and the chairs have wheels !
heck , ask for it after the check arrives .
it 's like a glass of water - it should always be full .
fyi , the sangria is f - ing expensive .
the house salad is awful and so are all the soups .
the only reason why i go there .
this location does get ridiculously packed all the time for some reason .
our servers have always been attentive and friendly .
if you do n't ... well then you 're in for a surprise .
nothing much to write about the rest of the experience .
this olive garden really emphasizes excellent service in everything they do .
the service and foods do n't worth the price .
this olive garden leaves me very confused .
love the extra cheese on top of anything you want .
but the staff is really nice .
waiter always making excuses , food not as good as in past !
i have been to this olive garden so many times over the years .
and this is the first time i was disapointed .
i love olive garden , but this one seems to have poor service .
the only reason why i keep coming here is for the salad and breadsticks .
somehow my two bowls of soup came out lukewarm which was quite disappointing .
pro : unlimited soup/breadsticks or salad if you want hidden gem : check sunday paper for coupons .
it 's a chain restaurant and yes , it 's pretty average .
we always hope manager susan is working !
food is worth every penny and service is awesome !
ask for the peach tea .
$ _num_ for a meal there and then another meal to take home .
the _num_ stars is due to the area .
i have zero complaints about our food , just the service was awful .
i really appreciate that the manager went above and beyond for the customer .
they are so inn our face saying `` make sure you pay '' .
good food but lacks a family friendly environment .
apparently olive garden is a hot commodity in champaign ... .
2/5 let me begin by saying that our waiter was very friendly !
although he was really pushing the add an item into the bill .
it 's american style food , service is nice welcoming .
foods are cheesy and tasty .
my five stars go to her !
thank you shay for your amazing customer service !
 : ) the review is only in regard to the service from the waitress shay .
i 'm appalled .
my girlfriend and i always have great service and food here .
i am not sure why this restaurant gets so busy .
salad dressing very sour .
games on the tablet that comes with every table , costs money .
bathrooms at this restroom needs attention !
however , when the two things are combined , the activity turns out positive .
the owner is so cool and can answer all your brewing questions .
i 've been going here since i was literally a wee one .
the owner is awesome ( and even remembered me on my last visit ) .
it 's a great little shop .
me : but the door says _num_ ... me : so , you 're only open this week ?
me : do you ever close earlier , if it 's busy ?
her : well , we like to stay open until _num_ .
check the date before you buy it !
i did buy some tea still , they carry golden moon !
this place is an institution for me .
but this is champaign , specialty demands spendiness .
are available in both loose - leaf and teabag form .
 : ( i am thinking they do n't have good turnover .
but if you love quality and freshness , avoid !
tea , i adore it !
it is a tiny little store which is crammed with cute things to buy .
this shop has fresh tea , and it has stale tea .
this is one of my favorite shops !
they have really good prices on tea , and they sell coffee too !
so many options of tea to choose from .
this is a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother .
drinking one of them right now - superb quality , great taste .
and the staff is super nice and helpful , definitely coming back !
do n't take the tea and spice prices for granted .
i wish i lived closer so i could come here more often !
walnut street tea is my favorite little tea shop in existence .
it 's so cute inside , and their teas are super affordable and delicious .
i love all the adorable teapots and accessories they sell too .
i often buy stocking stuffers or small gifts for friends here .
i hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long , long time .
too good to resist .
walnut street tea is my favorite little tea shop in existence .
it 's so cute inside , and their teas are super affordable and delicious .
i love all the adorable teapots and accessories they sell too .
i often buy stocking stuffers or small gifts for friends here .
i hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long , long time .
the women who work here are extremely nice and helpful .
the pieces are extra small .
overall , there are plenty of better places for chocolates .
my dad : loves this place .
the caramels are his favorite piece of sweet heaven they make my sister : muy deliciouso me : hard to not love this place .
the dark chocolates are just sooooooo good in particular .
check it out .
the hostess mints are magical .
that 's all i want now and forever .
caramels and pecan clusters are also the jam .
if you 're in the mood for chocolate , do n't think twice .
those are memories from my childhood .
i enjoy a good biryani , and they 've got it here .
several dishes are vegetarian , but meat dishes are prevalent .
the saffron rice is sooo good .
the service is decent but sometimes pretty slow .
they also have a few other dishes besides indian which is nice .
the food tends to be spicey and pretty authentic !
a lot of what they offer is geared toward the vegetarian crowd .
the complaint is the temperature of the food .
nothing i have ever ordered has been sizzling .
the food itself is just ok ... nothing has a distinctive aroma .
i say , go for the buffet on thursdays or sundays .
buffets are exactly that subpar to average quality food at an inexpensive price .
this is my neighborhood oriental ( more korean than other asian ) store .
store review : this is my first stop into a asian market down in champaign .
it seems to be well stocked and maintain .
the prices are average to slightly higher compared to chicago land asian markets .
there is a variety of goods from ramen to tofu to frozen fish .
chinese brocoli , bokchoy hidden deals : none yet the ribeye is the best for the greatest steak in town .
the wine list is basically two choices : white or red .
the menu is basically two choices : steak or chicken .
but yes , the salad bar is good .
this is a place you only go to for one reason - steak .
expect throngs of locals , esp .
the fresh bread you get there is out of this world too .
but i guess it is worth it .
i normal do n't eat steak but that steak and the chicken is good .
i also have a glass of wine with my dinner that is very delicious .
the pickled beets and freashly baked slight deepfried bread are awesome .
the decor is more than slightly dungeony from the moment you walk in .
i really do n't get some of the reviews of this place .
the salad bar is fabulous ?
ok , you people need to get out of central illinois more ... .
so here 's what this place is about .
it is called the ribeye and that is a perfect name for it .
just about the only thing you can order here is a ribeye .
so you better like ribeyes if you come to this place .
what is good about it ?
the salad bar is terrible .
where are the mixed greens or spinach ?
unless you want a _num_ ounce ribeye .
then they 've got you covered !
i travel , try to get this anywhere - you wo n't find it .
the salad bar is nice , for me not that big of a deal .
the little loaf of bread is a nice touch .
the food is awesome though .
fair is stretching it .
not on my list to revisit in the future !
they make the ranch dressing and that is always a plus in my book .
they have real bacon bits .
that along with homemade ranch dressing is the best in my book !
i advise go early ( they open at 4 : 00 ) or make reservations .
yes , they only offer ribeye steaks .
no deceiving there .
hence their name , the rib eye is solid and unpretentious .
personally i like it better when i 'm not picking up the bill .
the vegetables are reasonably fresh and there 's a fair amount of toppings .
even so , this is not a good place for a vegetarian .
the steak fries are big and crispy but just a little bland to me .
ambiance/decor is n't the best , sure , but it serves its purpose .
the service here is fantastic .
the servers are professional , polite , friendly , and attentive without being overbearing .
the highlight for me , however , is the salad bar .
is it haute cuisine ?
but it is solid , simple , and delicious .
the price is n't terrible .
two people with soft drinks and before tip comes out to $ _num_ .
ambience and decor : let me first describe the restaurant 's ambience .
the restaurant is a dark , windowless interior space .
i imagine drinks and dinner while watching a football game would be an example .
there is a full bar in a space connected to the dining area .
food : the food at ribeye is not to my taste .
the ribeye steak is low quality meat .
eating the steak is not a pleasant or satisfying experience .
the salad bar comes with most dinners .
overall , the salad bar is not worth ordering .
it just is not very good .
bread is a hot , fresh loaf , but mediocre nonetheless .
also , ribeye does something to its butter .
these do n't appear to be prepared to order .
summary : it also has the feel of a sports bar .
prices are pretty much in line with what ribeye offers .
that is , prices are neither too high nor are they particularly good values .
service is adequate but unremarkable either way .
for me , this all is about _num_ 1/2 stars on yelp .
the price is increased but the steak size is reduced .
the salad bar that people rave about ?
hell , even the courier cafe in urbana has a better salad bar !
disgusting .
my family has been going to the ribeye for over _num_ years .
the staff is professional and very knowledgeable and helpful .
the ribeye steak is what you come here for and is worth it .
the ribeye knows how to cook it and serves on a sizzling plate .
my steak has been good every time ive went .
salad bar is free if you order an entree .
it needs a different spot in the restaurant .
my fiancee and her family have been going to this place for years .
the service is always excellent and the food is consistently great .
this is definitely a special occasion restaurant due to it 's steep prices though .
i 'm sure she will love it as well as i did this restaurant is a great local spot with very good food .
ill definitely go again .
i believe it , very tasty !
would compare this is the sizzler .
ask `` where would you go tonight if cost did n't matter ? '' 
and if that does n't work ask `` what restaurant is your favorite ? '' 
the quality of the steak is on par with almost expired meat from walmart .
do n't plan to visit again unless someone else is buying .
the decor has n't changed in 20 + years , i 'm sure .
however , the restaurant itself is very clean .
the salad bar is my favorite - - always fresh , crisp and cold .
i ca n't overstate the freshness - - you constantly see employees changing the salads .
however , the steaks are always juicy and full of flavor .
i always get the grilled chicken with extra barbecue sauce .
it 's seriously the best out there .
i do n't like twice - baked potatoes anyways , and their 's is no exception .
i usually order steak fries or rice pilaf .
they have drinks , but they appeal more to the older crowd .
no biggie for me , i usually order iced tea or wine anyways .
the quality of the food and service is consistent .
go in with an open - mind .
they do what they do very well .
love the salad bar !
a modest but flavorful wine selection is available .
large portions - that 's the best i can say .
but if it 's meh , who cares ?
it 's good , for what they are doing .
maintaining status quo for their regular customers .
to me , the salad bar is the best thing .
this is a steak house for the older clients .
always the same , and that 's ok .
i 'm used to a thick narrow cut of beef .
the menu is very simple .
the ribeye is very thin and comes out on a hot skillet .
and they do a pretty good job .
this is not that kind of place , although it thinks it is .
the menu offers three options : ribeye , chicken , or shrimp .
i understand that the salad bar is a big draw for some people .
then you look at the menu and the three dinners cost between $ 16 - 23 .
i do n't mean to trash this place too much though .
i have to give them props for being cool about everything .
you can get a mediocre steak for a lot less .
oh , and do n't order the fries !
i love that the menu is limited ... makes the decision process easier !
menu is limited to what they do best .
when in champaign illinois give it a try .
the steaks are ok , but thin for the price and always overcooked .
the shrimp is ok , too .
the salad bar here is beyond amazing .
food and serve is also excellent .
ps ~ brian is the best waiter .
he always remembers us and is super personable .
as a townie , i 've been eating here on special occasions for years .
i am only halfway joking .
they do have a salad bar that is included with your dinner .
pros : nice service , kind of cool retro atmosphere cons : bland over priced food , over inflated reputation nothing particularly outstanding about this establishment .
there 's nothing i like more than a well marbled ny strip .
it 's all fresh , favorful and kosher !
it 's the local butcher shop me and my fiancee had been waiting for .
it 's a good thing for customers in the know ... every piece of meat i 've had here has been delicious .
you can also get some lunch food here .
their deli selection is small , but i find they have everything i need .
it is spotlessly clean inside , and full of tip top meats !
the best beef i have seen outside of texas and new zealand !
employees who are helpful and actually know everything about their products ?
the best yeast rolls i have ever found anywhere ?
fresh bones for my dogs to chomp on ?
and the list goes on ... .
and their bacon is to die for .
the best bacon i have ever had .
i 'm drooling just thinking about it .
this place is so awesome !
they are always willing to go the extra mile here .
i highly recommend this place !
this place is the best place to get meat in the c - u area .
change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage .
my complaint is that their hours and location could be better .
their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts .
best place around to buy quality meats .
i always go here when meat is to be the star of a meal .
this is a wonderful butchershop .
prices reasonable considering the quality .
the staff is very helpful and friendly .
they also have a small selection of fresh fish .
also can recommend the pickles from the pickle barrel : ) knowledgeable , friendly staff .
sirloin patties and the twice baked potatoes are my go - to choices here .
i can not recommend this shop enough .
this place is the best .
if you need meat there is no better place in the area .
it 's so nice to have a locally owned butcher .
the customer service is outstanding and the prices are affordable .
my favorites : fresh ground beef for very juicy burgers fresh sausage , especially the kielbasa which is heaven i love this place !
the large twice - baked or loaded potatoes are absolutely to die for !
excellent supplies for bbq/smoking .
the staff is always amazing and the cuts of meat are even better .
i simply have not found anything there i do n't like .
the staff is friendly and the meats are delicious .
definitely worth checking out as bbq season gets rolling !
we love ( d ) this place .
and , i mean ... who does n't .
never buy that nasty meat again .
i mean .
for such reasonable prices , it 's a wonder everyone does n't shop there .
oh wait , they do !
=d you can tell just by the parking lot .
parking can be a bit tricky .
they carry the beef house rolls !
; d i use this when i ca n't get to the meat science lab .
when items are on special , they have some pretty great prices .
everyone is very helpful and they have such a wide variety of items .
they also offer boar 's head deli meats which are delish !
i only wish they were open sunday 's too !
they also have fresh fish which is super convenient !
highly recommend .
this is a quality butcher shop if you want to get quality meats .
where else can you find smoked chicken , cheese curds , and frog legs ?
i 've gotten some really good porterhouse steaks here .
they are never pretentious and are always really willing to answer any questions .
you really have to come here to see what i mean .
it 's a little expensive but you get what you pay for .
the staff knows their product and their customers .
truly gourmet items at reasonable prices beef , pork , chicken , and fish , they 've got it all .
the potatoes are opposite the meat counter for the true midwestern folks .
this is definitely the place to go for excellent fresh meat and fish .
i swear their salmon is the very best in the area .
the staff is just as amazing .
olde time is a carnivore 's dream .
they provide exceptional service and delicious meats .
you can get just about anything to grill or smoke at this place .
and the prices are good .
i do n't like that they have so many things in the center aisles .
makes it hard to shop especially during the holidays .
the only place to get my husbands pants .
has some really cute kids clothes .
i buy much of my casual clothing there and find the selection quite accommodating .
can buy a whole bunch of $ _num_ , _num_ clothes .
has some unique brands which other stores dont have like simply vera wang .
our kohl 's in champaign is awesome !
the return department is second to none .
i 'm a huge kohl 's fan because of our local store .
who does n't love kohl 's ?
people who have n't shopped at kohl 's !
my work shoes are falling apart .
who still gets fila ?
i do .
these shoes are awesome .
i get them at kohl 's !
i 'm not that large .
not that i care .
the gf is like `` wait , you have a kohl 's card ?
 `` , and i 'm like `` yep '' .
the lady then asks , do you have a smart phone ?
and i 'm like `` yep '' .
sadly , no kohl 's kash today : ( as we are leaving , we walk past the jewelry section .
there 's `` watch and ___ '' combo thingies available .
huge selection and tons of weird looking critters to stare at .
my friends and i refer to this place as the aquarium .
and that is n't even the complete list !
the staff there is extremely knowledgeable , nice , and helpful .
you have to check this place out !
this place is waaaaay over priced .
they take advantage of being the only exotic pet store in town .
i try to avoid them as much as possible .
this is a great store .
the employees are very helpful and knowledgeable .
baby rats appear out out of no where !
they have high quality animals and best prices .
they are extremely knowledgeable .
i love this place !
they take good care of all their critters .
they do have nice fish .
staff here are very friendly and helpful .
very knowledgeable staff and they have a great selection of fish and other animals .
sailfin is awesome .
this is a small biz that truly cares about their pets and products .
well , there is a downside and a benefit to everything .
the staff at sailfin are so knowledgeable .
they know the natural habitat of the animals they sell .
if they are selling you a product , there is a reason .
this pet store is the perfect example of how a small biz should be .
support your local small business and you 'll be supporting your community .
i owe it all to intelligent staff there !
thanks sailfin , keep doing what you do .
it 's really uncomfortable for them , and their tails can actually detach .
even if it means traveling to another town .
i 'm a fish guy , and this place is great !
i have been to this store numerous times .
my experience is hit or miss .
this is the greatest place to buy yarn !
the yarn selection is fantastic and the teachers are great .
the knit alongs are fun as well as knit night .
this place welcoming and the prices are comparable .
staff is very friendly and helpful .
going back again !
this is a home away from home store .
this is a really nice yarn store .
i have been to needleworks a few times for various projects .
every single time , the staff and the regular knitters have been incredibly helpful .
it 's such a nice place to be .
make sure you go when the decent employees are working .
highly recommend if you can get decent help .
here is why i think that : the sparkle factor on their diamonds i looked at was high quality !
 : ) let 's get married in the backyard ! ) 
friday comes .
my ring is in , but his is n't .
size for us to use at the ceremony on sunday .
we 're exceptionally pleased with both rings .
i can not say enough good things about browne 's .
oh , and they are replating it !
how much does it cost ?
and i have to wait up to two days ?
they take care of their jewelry and their customers .
i can promise you that i will not be shopping for jewelry anywhere else .
it looks amazing .
my rings look brand new again .
they really take care of their jewelry and their customers .
thank you so much !
i highly recommend browne 's !
do n't go here !
they are the most incomeptent group of people i have ever met .
i do not recommend renting from u group at all .
there are much better apartments , and much better landlords in the champaign - urbana area .
university group staff is incredibly friendly and helpful .
specifically , the maintenance department is professional and quickly attend to your maintenance requests .
maintenance is terrible !
it takes a good month - 2 months for them to even get back to you .
the leasing manager is terribly rude and the staff is clueless !
avoid !
avoid !
second they do not agree that it is dirty .
and finally when you move out , they deduct _num_ dollars for cleaning .
these realtors act like dictators .
never rent their apartment !
they do not care tenants at all .
it 's suffering living in their apartment year round .
they have a very responsible maintenance department .
do n't rent from them if you have a choice !
the positive reviews here are jokes , they 're probably ug workers .
all i can say is : do not live with university group .
now we 've lived here for _num_ months and the fan still maintains broken .
our handle on the apartment door almost dropped .
reported several times with the fan problem , ug does n't care at all .
i am a girl living alone .
can you imagine how terrified i was at that moment ?
this is rude !
they have my number and email .
why do n't they notify me in advance ?
the $ _num_ is due to painting the wall , which is hilarious .
i can not think of a reason for the wall to be painted again .
if the wall is clean , why it is us to be charged !
and the parking lot is almost empty during the summer .
then the car get towed .
why do n't you leave a note for a visitor 's car ?
this is how differently landlord treat with their tenant !
carrie 's logo says it all `` funky to fabulous '' .
if you stop in , tell her gretchen says hi !
why , may you ask ?
imagine being a person of color who has just moved to champaign .
you 're new , confused , slightly nervous about everything .
and you stumble upon cool stores like furniture lounge or jane addams .
in the middle of the shelf , plain for all to see ?
that 's right .
she now angrily sits on my coffee table , making people feel uncomfortable .
do i feel comfortable that i bought it ?
and i officially hate carrie 's now .
but at least mammy is free .
so i 'm not surprised that she came into possession of one .
over the years , i have bought the following from them : black cartoon deer bookends an embroidered betsey johnson blazer a green wool jacket from a traditional austrian costume damask - covered victorian granny boots ties more cheap shoes go here with no agenda and you wo n't be disappointed .
i am greatly angered by and disappointed in this place .
also , carrie is not always the most friendly shop owner .
this place is really cool , but it 's also really overwhelming .
i give it five stars for the awesome stuff they have in there .
things like that should just be thrown away ... that comes out to about three stars right ?
if that is the case , stay away from here .
i am pretty happy with the vintage scarf 's i 've found .
meet great people .
one of the healthiest and most convenient places to get groceries on campus .
they have a variety of everything from organic cereal to environmentally friendly cleaning products .
however , my favorite items are the local foods .
however , soon they are planning to open it up completely to the public .
location is a plus .
definitely worth checking out .
have you ever walked , biked , or driven ( preferably walked or biked !
what 's more , many of the items are from local or family - owned businesses .
if you decide to leave , the fee is completely refundable , too .
check out the website link for more information .
the staff here are always friendly and extremely helpful .
you can become co - owner for a $ _num_ investment buy - in .
it 's really new and clean which is nice .
it 's all in or all out , judas , okay !
i 'm a poor graduate student that has a very expensive diet .
even as a member they are on the side of ridiculously over priced .
it 's cleaner and more like a normal grocery store than most co - ops .
this co - op has more pretensions of grandeur than most .
i 'm from chicago .
so that 's not why it gets _num_ stars .
i 've only been here once .
that 's when its irritating to see just how jacked up the prices are !
i spend hundreds of dollars there .
but there are problems with other members there .
their selection is ok ... but natural gourmet is better .
the co - op is a hub of activity in urbana with bike racks out front .
my husband and i live near chicago , , where whole foods stores abound .
we 're quite spoiled .
what to do about food ?
that said , this place is a gem , thus the _num_ star rating .
it has the best that whole foods has to offer .
they list the farms their produce comes from , which i found charming .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the prices are reasonable , considering there is n't that much organic in town .
i 've been in here a few times .
i have n't bought anything though .
i love the free recipes and all the organic healthy choices .
despite the prices , they seem busy enough .
i think this place is pretty great .
it just is . ) 
their prepared foods are all excellent ; may i recommend the asian peanut noodles ?
it 's better than nothing !
bring your own bags so you do n't have to buy one !
i am very happy with the cg co - op .
their bulk section is really nice .
this is definitely the kind of local store that it feels good to support .
they have a very good selection of bulk goods , especially gluten free products .
i am proud to call myself an owner .
their bulk section is well - stocked and the selection of local produce is impressive .
i am thrilled for the expansion in the fall !
i shop the bulk bins because there is variety .
i shop the sale items .
i do n't buy much else .
you have to bring your own bags .
the look you 're going to get is pretty side ways so look out .
all i have to say ... is the pretense in this place is rich .
watch out !
the store is becoming a very very awesome place to shop !
the expansion is great .
they have more spices , an awesome tea selection and many other changes .
oh , they start to have a salad bar , which is so appealing .
they provide fresh side dishes and salads .
i love their expanded selection for spices.the bulk area just become my favorite part .
the fresh produce is on the more expansive side .
we all know living healthy in an organic life is very expensive here .
it 's not their 's fault .
they have expanded the store and it 's even better .
part of what makes this place so great is the people .
i shop here often and the employees genuinely seem like they enjoy their jobs .
they are easy to talk to , very helpful and kind .
go check 'em out !
sandwichs , pizza , soups , burritos , salads , etc meats , vegetarian , vegan , gluten free , etc prices are very moderate and cheaper than strawberry fields .
they also have a salad bar , pizza , and sandwiches .
there 's a bakery , coffee , and soups .
everything i 've tasted has been pretty good !
i recommend bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card .
since the store expanded , it seems like prices have come down a little .
good selection and good prices , especially considering that everything is organic and/or local . ) 
they have a great selection , and the staff is incredibly friendly .
most excellent place even if it is a bit pricey .
i 'm so glad i found a co - op near champaign !
they have all the products a vegetarian health - nut could dream of .
i plan to do all of my grocery shopping here from now on .
they even have wine !
 : ) it 's a lot bigger now and the staff is super friendly and helpful .
they have great vegetarian and vegan options and a wonderful salad and soup bar .
i love their ready made sandwiches !
try the egg - less salad sandwich , it is awesome .
i have tried to reproduce their recipe to no avail .
my only complaint is that some employees come off as lazy .
i mean , they do get paid to work , do n't they ?
we love our food co - op !
my children love shopping here with me .
calling this place a coop is a misrepresentation .
the prices of this place are on par with whole foods aka whole paycheck .
no thank you .
whenever we go visit her family , we always stop by the co - op .
lots of terrific variety and i have to agree with her about the soups .
common ground has a wonderful selection .
they stock local , organic and delicious produce , meats , and cheeses .
i love it all .
these people are the best people in the world .
i miss rainbow grocery !
otherwise , i love what they 're doing !
i 'm a vegetarian & extremely grateful for this store .
the have so many meatless products for me here .
i 've gotten organic food & medicine .
to start off , i have the most fickle debit card on the planet .
also , they have counter culture coffee .
that alone is worth _num_ stars .
always give back or pay it forward , people .
this is a great place to get healthy , organic foods !
behind the scenes , it 's not as great as it seems .
i particularly like their fruits , vegetables , and bulk items .
i think most things here our overpriced and sub - par quality .
we are members solely for that reason .
for all other supplies , strawberry fields is a closer alternative and similarly priced .
this is a great place to get organic & natural foods & products .
it 's a nice & adjacent stop from the weekend farmer 's market .
there are outdoor dining areas , which are great when the weather 's nice .
the place is laid back & clean .
it 's consistently an enjoyable experience .
to put it simply , i just feel good when i shop here .
my favorite items : the quality is second to none and everything you buy is local .
 : ) offers classes in their cafe section occasionally .
the miller farms stuff is very good in my experience .
love the friendly atmosphere and all the organic options available .
i love their sandwiches made on local bread with the most amazing pesto ever !
if i 've learned anything about local communities , it is to support them .
common ground is comparable to whole foods except on a more local level .
they have a great selection of vegan products !
i love the co - op idea so major kudos !
do n't go here if you can avoid it .
update : six months later my `` new '' radiator began spouting coolant everywhere .
this garage is a scam market !
probably my fav place to shop in champaign .
the men 's department is sorely lacking .
need more higher end items .
esp like their underwear section store review : at least they have a tj maxx in champaign .
the store itself is a bit cramped and the aisles very small .
i wish they would expand on that selection more .
the people at this store are beyond helpful .
this is by far the best drum shop i 've ever been too !
best drum shop between chicago and memphis !
i stop by anytime i 'm in town .
amazing drum shop !
skins n tins is everything a good drum shop should be .
pounce on their awesome cymbal sale in november !
edit : sale now is just all the time !
so pounce on their awesome cymbal deals at all times !
items are overcharged and there is no return policy .
indifferent and unhelpful personnel does not know the inventory of the store .
this company is a complete fraud .
wow are they jerks .
do n't give these people money .
i occasionally need a tool here and there for small jobs .
there are usually two guys working here .
like the other reviewers said , they are not very nice .
one of them is a little bit more friendly than the other .
we booked _num_ tickets at 8 : 05 am on mar. 16th from champaign to chicago .
please do yourself a favor by not using greyhound !
this reminds me of the movie titanic where people jostle to get on lifeboats !
there is also a bathroom in the back , which is pretty clean .
there are two outlets per row , so charging electronics is convenient .
there is wifi on the bus too , but it does block inappropriate websites .
also , there are footrests under the seat in front of you .
art coop saves my ass every time .
they are open late and always have what i need .
go on , quiz 'em .
 : / ) the prices are not great , definitely higher than dick blick .
i miss the old school art coop .
 : ( of course it is in stock .
this is exactly why i love this store .
it 's also convenient by bus and a nice _num_ minute walk from campus .
great store : ) i have nothing but good things to say about the art coop .
where do you go when your washer and dryer break down ?
that 's right .
i like to surf the net while separating my whites from the colors .
and no , that 's not racist .
the laundromat is clean and big , so that 's a plus .
thanks for letting us all know via internet .
we 're very happy for you .
definitely the best laundromat i have found in the c - u area .
the normal washers are $ 1.50 / load and then the dryers are $ .25 / 7 minutes .
they do have super speedy dry cleaning though ... .
seems thinner and colder ever since .
for dry cleaning they are extremely expensive .
they are open everyday , however .
they have lost our business for good .
on top of it all - - they are extremely expensive .
do not go here .
do n't support this business please .
however , now that it has happened twice , i do not trust them .
update : a day later , still no credit .
last time i use any starcrest dry cleaning .
this laundromat is the cleanest one we have ever been to .
this laundromat is connected to the dry cleaners and the air conditioning is comfortable .
this place has roaches !
it 's a shame it was the one closest to my apartment .
they also have coin machines that work .
i have yet to have a problem here .
it is fast and convenient .
i 've been here twice for dry cleaning .
you guys , if you have to move from champaign , go with allied .
you think i 'm going to come to illinois to see your apartment ? '' 
go with allied !
if you are affiliated with the university you get a _num_ % discount .
thirty minutes later no one shows and i call and cancel .
moving is stressful enough .
save yourself the worry and avoid like the plague .
do not .
do not .
do nottttt use this moving company !
they are absolutely terrible !
the owners are friendly and helpful and have a good eye for interesting items .
we 've scored some outstanding pieces at really good prices .
now i can listen to jessie 's girl on my turntable ironically all summer .
do n't judge me .
furniture lounge is simply the best shop to go to if : * you are redesigning your home and need furnishings , lighting , decor * you are trying to find a unique gift for a friend or relative * you love thrifting , antiques , or vintage * you love mid century modern design * you want to look at something interesting and beautiful !
scott and amanda are super nice and know their mcm furniture .
they have even thanked my via fb to shopping locally .
this shop is a true treasure for champaign 's mods .
i absolutely love the selection they have in this store .
i love the furniture and decorations .
it 's pretty fun just to look around and see everything .
i have the most amazing necklace ever , thanks to them .
they have some really unique pieces of jewelry .
i love the clothes , too .
i 've bought some of my favorite tshirts and sweaters there .
it 's worth it to go in and take a look .
lots of fun things to see and buy !
i kinda want everything in the store when i go in .
there is something for everyone , and price points for everyone .
we love furniture lounge !
this place looks as if the owners just raided the set of mad men .
they always have rad stuff every time i come in here .
the merry - ann 's at neil and kirby is a standby .
it is the typical greasy spoon and i love it for that .
forget your calorie - counting conscience at the door .
what is it about this diner down by the train tracks ?
or its hangover cousin that adds hamburger to the mess ?
` nuff said , but in case it 's not ... i mean , they have a `` hangover burger '' for f*ck 's sake !
i love breakfast food .
merry - ann 's has amazing breakfast food .
ergo , i love merry - ann 's !
thirsty impairs my judgement ) .
the stack after 1 am is the only thing i ever really came here for .
but it sticks out in my memory .
but its almost too new and clean to enjoy properly .
this place is dingy and small , but it gives it character .
you can find your regular grease - laden favorites here .
as far as specialties go , i 'd say , the diner stack ?
 ( note : rating only applicable from 2am - 6am ) stack .
have n't eaten there since .
i know waffle house is generally pretty disgusting , but i love it .
so overall , a great cheap place to go .
it 's a diner .
merry ann 's is a great place , a true down home american diner .
they have great breakfast food , which is all i 've ever had there .
i definitely recommend it .
for those of you health conscious , perhaps you can have wheat toast ?
that 's about the only health alternative here .
it 's really the gravy that sets this breakfast delight apart from the rest .
amazing diner food , but that 's it .
it 's still a diner , no matter how you cut it .
the price is reasonable and they 're open till all hours of the night .
making my ridiculous drunken forays into champaign - urbana much more comfortable and filling .
i love this place , but it 's just a diner .
i seem to always get the really short and rude servers .
the ones that make you feel like you 're not supposed to be there .
so , there you have it .
it 's great food , poor service , great looking diner , great price .
but , man have my waitresses been bitches .
i have no interest in darkening the door of this diner again .
merry - ann 's is a cute , illini - paraphanalia - ed ( is that a word ? ) 
diner with overly hovering waitresses and bad orange juice .
their hash is amazing .
it 's the reason why i 'm giving merry - ann 's its single star .
merry - ann 's does not know how to make a good gravy .
they have this dish called the diner stack ... .
service is your typical diner service so not bad .
i 'm pretty picky about mechanically separated chicken .
maybe that 's snooty , but i just hate it .
i mean c'mon man , it 's a diner for goodness sake .
ahh yes ... the stack .
but the key to the diner stack is the gravy .
it looks real thick , but goes down surprisingly smooth .
any way you order it really , it 's a thing of breakfast beauty .
the other reason i hold this place in such high regard ?
i 've spent many a good time and never a bad time here .
do eat here .
do not judge it until you do .
do try the diner stack at least once .
do not eat all by your lonesome ( invite someone . ) 
do not go there to study .
do respect the staff and other patrons .
do tip well .
do not sit in silence .
do engage in good conversation .
do not talk about fight club .
and do come back now , ya hear ?
i know to some , it 's just a diner .
yeah it was far .
yeah it was never really clean .
yeah it was just diner food .
i 've been to marry - ann 's several times while visiting friends in champaign .
but hey , that 's what i expect form a place like this .
just take it for what it is ; cheap , greasy eats .
i suggest the diner stack with lipitor for dessert .
this is a total drunk - food/hangover spot for sure .
horrible service , ok stack .
oh , also , i wish they had heinz ketchup .
merry - ann 's diner is the definition of mediocrity when it comes to diners .
unfortunately , champaign has a lack of diners and _num_ hour restaurants .
merry - ann 's diner is a truck stop style _num_ hour breakfast diner .
unfortunately , merry - ann 's is not very good .
i suspect that this diner was designed to duplicate the successful waffle house model .
service is roughly comparable to that of other waffle house stores .
 ( and the quality delivered is mostly poor . ) 
the merry - ann diner is not suitable for breakfast at any time of day .
merry - ann 's just does n't do it for me .
1st off i have not eaten here in over _num_ years .
this place is nostalgic .
but it 's consistently the worst coffee in town .
you can taste the stale .
even so , it 's a diner .
i can make better food at home for cheaper .
pros : friendly service , clean hidden deals : monday to friday _num_ am to _num_ am _num_ eggs , _num_ pancakes , _num_ ham for _num_ ham omelet _num_ all day specials mon - thurs super burger _num_ grilled ham and cheese _num_ best place for a hangover meal !
it 's a cute diner !
it 's suppose to be that way .
the breakfast burrito is very good .
ordered a mega omelet with no ham , it comes back with ham .
it comes back - - ham again !
not coming back .
otherwise , there are a ton of better options in town for the price .
that 's about the best i can say for them .
merry ann 's is definitely a place to recover from a rough night .
i just love breakfast .
the breakfasts are always fast , tasty , and cheap .
what more can you ask for ?
what more to expect for a diner - - great food and a relaxed ambiance .
an old - school diner that is exactly where it should .
it 's always pleasant to find a good greasy american breakfast joint !
and you do n't have to drive all the way up to north prospect .
having _num_ billion things on your menu does n't make you a good restaurant .
but still , it hurts my head just to open the menu .
i mean , come on .
it 's endless right ?
wrong , not if they do n't ask you if you want more .
i think i maybe had _num_ bites of it .
fridays is fridays .
i do n't know what people expect of the food .
it 's a chain restaurant , not gourmet .
the only problem is that they serve it only on sunday .
we have very limited places in champaign that serve good fried chicken .
the wait staff is extremely friendly and the place is always clean .
this place has real good food .
we always seem to have the jack daniels ribs .
they are so good they melt in your mouth .
i refuse to go to tgi friday 's in champaign anymore .
i 'm very forgiving when it comes to service .
however , truly bad service is inexcusable .
this is n't what bothers me .
it happens .
the food is alright , but nothing spectacular .
normally things here are ok - nothing fantastic .
the prices are also very reasonable .
very little to complain about with tgi fridays .
this is all on top of the ridiculous prices they charge .
i do not understand the reviews that say ` reasonable prices ' .
yes , the food is usually pretty tasty , but it is very overpriced .
almost $ _num_ for _num_ mozzarella sticks ?
friday 's when there are way better deals all around you ?
do not go here .
i love chain food but this place is awful .
i doubt i will ever go back to a tgi fridays at any location .
save yourself the time and money and avoid this place .
the store is a lot bigger , and their new crew is fantastic !
the food is .
i guess they were n't expecting local goat cheese buckwheat crepadillas .
the food is french , mostly crepes , and pretty tasty .
the wine and beer lists are also extensive and interesting .
i am pretentious and i love pretension .
no , seriously , it does .
the decor is amazing , however .
the portions are tiny , especially considering the prices .
beer selection is good , but also very overpriced .
as always , options are really creative , but more importantly , delicious !
carmon 's has quickly become one of my favorite eateries in c - u .
i mean , it 's a creperie , right ?
the fish special is worth having every time you go .
the seafood st jacques crepe is also consistently amazing .
i am such a huge fan .
i am stuffed , and stuffed with amazing food .
i do n't understand what is wrong with buckwheat crepes ?
i love them .
and that is what they avoid .
i have mixed feelings about carmon 's .
i highly recommend ordering this item !
the smoked salt that is used to flavor the butter is also spectacular .
there is an amazing amount of flavor packed into each grain of salt .
overall , i highly recommend carmon 's for breakfast .
this place is an absolute joke .
it 's extremely overpriced ( $ _num_ for a solo ham and cheese crepe ?
i go there with my girlfriend to eat steak and crepes .
the food has been consistently good , and their specials are always interesting .
it gives a pleasant atmosphere to the place .
the place is clean and kind of cool with friendly service .
a great place to take your parents .
anyways , i definitely forget the name of the dish .
** a special thanks to matthew l. for helping with this review !
do n't expect me to come back here again .
i love carmon 's .
miss this place , and that cute lil redhead that works there too !
really yummy french onion soup - - it has a crepe in it !
this place definitely tries way too hard to be something its not .
this is not the case here .
i have never seen a restaurant that hires waitresses this horrible .
now heres the good part : thanks but no thanks .
we refuse to come to carmon 's ever again .
the ambiance is really nice - very shabby chic with some refined touches .
my husband says his was decent .
i do n't know why they could n't have used white flour .
i have not had any nightmare experiences like other diners .
i adore the bread with smoked salt .
the coffee ( with constant refills ) is excellent .
the pork crepe with fried egg is out of this world .
so is the crepe suzette .
definitely go for their specials - - they 've never let me down .
the service has always been pleasant .
you definitely have to bring out the pocketbook , but the food is quality .
enjoy !
price is the only reason i wo n't come back so often .
still love carmon 's !
love how they keep in interesting .
this is a small , shabby - chic french restaurant serving simple french food .
i recommend the salmon starter and specials .
i guess they only just started serving dinner as well as breakfast and lunch .
i 've always eaten them as desserts with chocolate and banana nutella .
the lunch crepes are great , and you can even build your own .
i definitely recommend at least trying it out !
he is an absolute hoot .
he definitely adds to the pleasurable experience .
i suspect we will return to carmon 's for brunch during our next visit .
carmon 's is a restaurant reminiscent of a small specialty restaurant in europe .
it is at its heart a creperie , and its crepes do not disappoint .
the food is good but the customer service is awful .
the service is wonderful .
i have always been seated right away and the servers seem happy to help .
they have a wonderful wine selection and the food is fabulous .
they have a variety of crepes and quiches .
there is always a special for the day .
carmon 's restaurant has closed .
but the space has been reincarnated as carmon 's bistro .
so look for reviews of carmon 's bistro !
do you have bored children on your hands ?
the orpheum can quickly take care of that !
it is a little rag tag compared to other children 's museums .
but the live animals usually get everyone interested !
i am not kidding .
these people are clueless .
it goes on and on .
for $ 9/person , you can surely do better than that .
do n't be fooled .
avoid this place !
i 've gone to places that r free and are cleaner than this one !
it 's such a gorgeous space , with many new exhibits .
it 's such a gorgeous space , with many new exhibits .
not sure if it 's a joke on us - or the kids .
dirty - everything is dirty and dusty .
plus - $ _num_ to get in ?
huevos rancheros is another favorite of mine .
fyi - the lunch specials are yummy and a great price - check them out .
i 'm making myself want to go there right now just thinking about it .
next , the service is fast , friendly , and the food delicious .
howerver that 's when the good times stopped .
in fact , it may be my favorite restaurant in town .
they give you free chips with two salsas , one spicy and one mild .
this place has been very hit - or - miss with me .
the setting is always nice , especially with shady outdoor seating during the summer .
and they do chiles rellenos well .
parking lot cause the parking lot was full .
i particularly love the chimichangas .
i 'm a fan . '' 
and i am , because this is one of my go - to restaurants .
fiesta cafe has the best mexican in champaign/urbana .
everything is n't made with the same ground beef , there are choices .
on a nice night , outdoor seating is fun .
great mexican beer selection and drink specials occur .
the food though , has much to be desired .
the chips are good and the salsa is n't too bad either .
good place to go if you 're just looking for ` ritas and chips .
i much prefer tortillas that restaurants make themselves .
as the saying goes : i 've got _num_ problems .
getting the order wrong and forgetting a side ?
ruining tequila with a syrupy excuse of a marguerita ?
swapping the meats on my bfs platter ?
it has a nice attitude that feels very independent , spunky , and spontaneous .
four stars is for the the overall vibe - enjoy it for what it is !
another spot in champaign that seems like it has been open forever .
the building is made of adobe , with a great shaded outdoor seating area .
service is hit or miss , depending on how many people are here .
the food is very typical for this kind of joint .
that is it .
good for a nostalgic trip when visiting the family .
though nothing to go out of your way for .
excellent service , they serve chips and salsa too .
they have tons of tequila choices .
i read a few reviews about this place before i went .
i bet they are good .
i promise you i will not be going back .
too mad for them because , as i said , i love mexican food !
they have massively awesome margaritas , and are super vegetarian friendly .
food beats the hell out of the other mexican places in town .
i '' m a fan '' i guess that sums it up .
i dig the funky vibe of fiesta .
i use to come here in my early twenties and gorge out .
well ... i love this spot .
it 's a long standing tradition of downtown champaign .
i 'm a fan of the enchiladas , chicken/mole to be exact .
the staff is super as well .
they are pretty great .
i have made this dish better at home .
this place is great .
her margaritas are on point and her attitude is perfect .
she 's fun to work with and always has a smile on her face .
i love trying new things here ( which is rare for me ) .
love the cimichanga with a huge strawberry margarita at fiesta !
fun place to eat out and the chips and salsa are good as well .
i love amy tho !
amy is the best !
always run into people i know at this great place .
it 's a very friendly place with great food and awesome margaritas !
i love this place !
also amy is the best waitress !
as for the food , it 's not perfect .
i wish i had when i was a student .
my absolute favorite sit down mexican restaurant in town .
i hope i 'm not forgetting anything in there .
amy is the greatest server , but the rest are pretty good too !
also white cheese sauce with chorizo is very good .
i love coming here .
the food and the drinks are great !
it 's perfectly sweetened , very fragrant and smooth !
they do give a huge portions .
i think i will use the amtrak again !
when amtrak is good ... it 's really really good .
but when it 's bad , it 's terrible .
whenever i ride the saluki , it seems to get delayed .
amtrak needs to get its act together and i need to get a car .
unless you buy your tickets several weeks in advance .
i 've had _num_ hour delays on amtrak !
chicago is a major travel hub and the closest major city .
the fact that it is so difficult to get to hurts the university .
sweden benefits enormously from having fast , relatively cheap , and hassle - free railway .
i 'm bragging now , but uiuc needs amtrak to shape up .
the delays have ranged from _num_ hour to _num_ hours .
this is the best way to get to and from chicago from champaign .
you can even walk around , and use a human - sized bathroom .
a night to never remember .
 ( same goes for the reverse process on our arrival back home . ) 
clean bathrooms , a subway and vending machines downstairs , very reliable wifi .
he 's incredibly helpful , funny , and sweet .
he 's just incredibly polite , and manners go a long way .
so amtrak , please read this and give him a raise !
those people are everywhere , that 's not amtrak 's fault .
i love taking the train whenever i come back home to champaign from chicago .
being flexible with times is also an advantage to getting a good deal .
i wish the guy in front of me would stop farting .
also another lady to my right smells like play doh .
recommendation : bring some odor eliminating plug ins or something this means you , the passenger , will most certainly be delayed .
regarding ticket prices , it competes with greyhound in terms of cheapness .
hence you pay less then a bus ticket if you plan accordingly .
the train itself is really nice and clean .
pick a nice smelling passenger to sit with and you 'll be fine .
the wifi sucks though and is not reliable in my opinion .
this station is one of the better ones i 've been to .
typically , they 're about an hour late .
one job and they have never been on time ... .
how can that be ?
time to reevaluate your business model .
my use of this amtrak station is very limited .
i actually have n't used it for the train .
i have been there to pick up friends from the train .
i like that this station serves many functions .
the train , city buses , and charter buses all stop here .
and they are located in different areas , which makes it easier to navigate .
when the greyhound arrives , they call out the bus information .
expect your train to be _num_ minutes late .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
the towing business can be a dirty business full of jaded and shady characters .
andy 's really is that rare and honorable small operator .
here 's to you , andy !
and thank you !
disclaimer : this is a review of sam 's cafe 's new evening menu .
the baklava is the best i 've ever had .
i 'm thrilled that we found this place ; it is a treasure !
do not leave sam 's without trying the pancakes .
sounds a little creepy , but it 's true .
go support local business !
i do n't recommend it .
nothing to brag about .
each meal comes with a choice of two meals .
in fact , i think the homous was their best food !
btw , warm pita bread keeps coming , which was a nice touch .
they have a really good breakfast special .
it is cheap and good .
i love french toast , it is my favorite breakfast food .
sam 's is the epitome of a greasy spoon .
seriously , the best french toast i 've ever had .
it is rich , crispy and seasoned with powdered sugar and cinnamon .
 _num_ bucks and change for two coffees , two specials and french toast .
sam 's is awesome for breakfast .
i have always wanted to try sam 's .
finally having a dentist appointment at _num_ am ( ick ! ) 
i like that about the place .
i know . ) 
basically , it 's no - frills , straight up fast and cheap service .
and that 's refreshing .
 : ) oh , and they do n't take cards .
bring cash .
it 's not like you 'll need a lot of it !
this is the breakfast place of my dreams !
i know , it 's not fancy .
now if it would only move toward urbana ... but who cares about that ?
the food is phenomenal !
be served at a way fancier place for way more money .
it 's one of c - u 's little gems .
french toast is amazing !
unpretentious , hole in the wall that is worth the drive .
cash only and bring change for the parking meters .
the french toast , oddly pancake style , is to die for .
also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available .
i 'm such a huge fan of hole - in - the - walls .
i have many regrets from my college career .
i get to experience two of my favorite words here : cheap brunch .
oh yes please gim me nao i want it i want it so bad .
footnotes : do not eat here if : - you are on a diet .
i do n't think the cooks know what that word means .
no lite butter or diet fat free bacon to be found here .
 - you are a snob .
 - you are a germaphobe ... .
snap out of it , take a class in immunology .
germs ai n't got nothin ' on you .
 ( sorry , bio nerd leaking through . ) 
do eat here if : - you are a broke - ass college kid .
 - you love breakfast foods .
the french toast is particularly noteworthy .
it 's either _num_ or _num_ ... ) as good as a cheap and greasy breakfast gets .
very friendly staff , and it really feels like a neighborhood restaurant .
this is my favorite place for breakfast in champaign .
it is a comfort - food - greasy - spoon restaurant .
the food is very inexpensive and it has the best french toast in town .
the seats are quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance .
i wish they would bring it back .
food is cheap , breakfast special is $ _num_ and it runs all day !
i know i will be going again !
how is it so good ?
that 's a good question .
there are better - for - us breakfasts in champaign .
there are fancier breakfasts in champaign .
delicious , and a perfect serving .
sounds disgusting ?
trust me , it 's awesome .
the atmosphere is probably going to take a few visits to grow on me .
and the food is indeed good .
excellent service very honest waiter looks can be deceiving , and sams cafe is a classic example of that .
sams is my favorite place for breakfast in chambana .
a big reason for that is the french toast .
it is simply the best i have every had .
wait staff is friendly and efficient .
sams is definitely a diamond in the rough .
it is a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food .
but i think it is over rated in yelp .
i 'm a believer .
prices are great , i think a burger is under $ _num_ !
i have never ordered anything other than french toast and hash browns .
the hash browns are darn good too .
side - note : they only take cash .
and it 's delicious melty american cheese , not oily coagulated cheddar .
and i swear these has browns are from scratch .
small place , so i can imagine it fills up fast .
the american fries are great , as is the french toast .
have heard so much about sam 's cafe and now wonder why .
it 's been a while since i left that much food on my plate .
of course , if you disagree you are obviously declasse .
but the thing i ca n't get over is the pancakes .
they are absolutely delicious .
plus , they have take out .
you get what you pay for but the food is cheap quick and easy .
there 's an _num_ % chance that sam could be serving you .
say hi .
i 'm definitely never going back .
no clue how this has _num_ stars .
i believe the owner dips the toast in pancake batter before frying it .
how cool is this guy anyway .
sam 's has the best pancakes i 've had in quite a while .
it 's your typical cafe , everything done the way you would want it .
do n't even bother with merry anns just come straight to sams .
they make everything to order ( duh ) .
sam and his family are some really hard working people and it shows .
what more can you ask for ?
i 've heard the french toast and pancakes are also great .
any kind of breakfast to be had .
environment is very shabby with some old chairs and tables .
but the price and the taste is amazing .
strongly recommend .
parking is kinda difficult sometimes and only takes cash .
the biggest flaw of this place is the extremely slow wait times .
there seems to be only one cook .
the staff is relatively amiable .
they talk about that customer as if she was in the wrong .
another problem are the extremely small tables .
its greatest strength are its really good prices .
their `` american '' fries is actually very soft hash browns .
this place is what it is .
if that sounds repulsive to you , do n't go !
if not , go and definitely have the french toast .
service is ok at best but wth ?
they have the best french toast .
the price is also very reasonable : ) everything including a milk for the daughter is $ _num_ with tip .
service is awesome - everyone is super - friendly .
for now , make sure you keep an andrew jackson on ya !
sam 's cafe has great food at a reasonable price .
i have eaten there many of times and am always satisfied .
they have great lunch specials with a great at home feeling atmosphere .
the only downside is that the seating is very small .
they have a good amount of tables but they are tiny .
there are two reasons to come to sam 's : two , you want their breakfast special .
do your mouth a favor ( flavor ? ) 
sam 's cafe serves good breakfast food at reasonable prices .
and they use real butter .
there is like one server/busboy/cashier and he is awesome .
have always gotten breakfast , and the food has been wonderful every time .
i recommend sam 's cafe !
only down side is they only take cash , no credit or debit amazing breakfast !
the breakfast special is worth the price as the portions are fairly large .
try the french toast .
but that is where it begins and ends .
sam 's cafe is super cute - looking from the outside .
but that 's where the good stops .
but other than those two things , i see no positives about this place .
seems like that could be a possibility seeing that this place has _num_ stars .
incredibly rude , clearly do n't care for customers or loyalty .
i do n't think we 'll be back .
the all day breakfast special is only $ _num_ !
nice place to meet with friends , friendly staff and nice atmosphere : - ) ok enough of the rant .
absolutely love this place !
coffee is always hot and fresh and the french toast is to die for !
a must try every time i walk into sam 's i feel at home .
i hope it never closes .
sometimes getting back to basics can separate the good restaurants from the great restaurants .
this place is great .
that serves breakfast .
it 's super fast and just great classic breakfast .
it 's butter and has the crispy edges , clearly made with buttermilk .
they seem to soak it in butter with some maple syrup .
one less point for being cash only .
service is pretty friendly .
these guys are awesome .
i highly recommend them .
charlie is a very nice person .
thanks charlie .
nice place - on campus , but without a heavy illini feel .
they cook excellent burgers and fries , and the teriyaki chicken sandwich is divine .
the food is awesome too for bar food .
they have a great chicken sandwich with french fries .
add a tastey guiness to complete your meal !
they 've expanded so now there 's more room to groove .
when there are no sporting events .
ohhhh the murphyburger , how i loved thee .
extra pickles , please .
go murphy 's !
i still have dreams of wednesday lunch .
however , it is not .
the burgers are phenemonal , as is the bbq chicken .
this is my favorite bar on campus .
it is a solid pub where they serve cheap and delicious beer .
the food is decent , but not that great .
what could really improve this place is better music .
the jukebox is too susceptible to people with bad music tastes .
pros - fairly good specials - relatively low amount of bros - greasy ass delicious food cons - seating is terrible on the weekends after _num_ - dirty looking , but not necessarily dirty .
go there on a weeknight to get the optimal experience .
honestly people do n't care about the atmosphere , do they ?
they just come for the booze .
they serve the typical junk food and it is very crowded during the weekends .
they have a few specials too , so do check those out .
and i 've had some of their deliciously fried , greasey appetizers , too .
food can actually be quite good , especially the kobe burger .
the crispy , but greasy , fries have slowly grown on me .
the beer selection is way better than any other bar on campus .
they now have some rogue ales , which are fantastic .
the jukebox churns out more and more horrifying music as people become intoxicated .
if you go here stick with weekdays .
on weekdays it 's actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends .
can get very very crowded and absolutely nothing irish about it .
plus they have lots of seating for us lazies .
and have good , knowledgeable bartenders .
there 's a wide selection of beers - over _num_ i believe ?
some of the stuff that comes out of that thing ... i do n't know , man ... =p the specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night .
overall , it 's just a great campus bar to frequent anytime .
good beer specials , including $ _num_ pints of point on fridays .
the fries are thin and decent , but need salt and ketchup .
good soups in winter , including a deceptively good beer cheese soup .
check it out .
cheap beers , and irish nachos are awesome .
a bar i spend a lot of time at .
sometimes the jukebox leads to very questionable music .
this is the best bar on green street .
i know that 's not saying much , but let me explain .
the drinks are cheap and really strong .
the staff is very accommodating and courteous .
one caveat : they have the nastiest - - nastiest bathroom .
it 's hideous .
a year later and i still loooove this place .
this is my favorite of all the campus bars hands down .
they also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome .
nah , just kidding .
but i have been to my share of irish bars .
i like murphy 's because it 's low - key and they have good drink specials .
the next thing i 've got to try here is the food .
murphy 's is the dive bar that we all kind of grew up on .
they have decent burgers and a fair selection of beers .
i head to downtown champaign for the weekends .
in addition , the food is delicious !
overall , this bar is chill and fun at the same time .
i 'm in ! ) 
the jukebox has some interesting selections , and the music is usually good overall .
well , it 's an institution here at the u of i .
you can get cheap brewskis and cheap burgers and neither are bad .
it 's usually crowded thursdays so i try to keep away .
as far as campus bars go , this is as good as it gets .
their beers on tap is great , especially for a campus bar .
it 's really fresh !
it 's quality and fresh !
man oh man these burgers are juicy and seculent .
the turkey burger is well flavored and succulent .
i love their spacious bench seat tables .
it 's a cherished favorite .
the location is great and the atmosphere is better than the other campus bars .
is it the best bar in champaign - urbana ?
the beers on tap are always good and remain pretty simple .
they always have specials too , which is nice .
i miss this place !
this is my choice for a beer and greasy pub - grub .
i sincerely doubt it did anything about the disgusting sticky floors .
much smaller than i remember .
i mean the place is n't exactly set up like panera .
i guess it just depends on the crowd .
it 's generally quiet enough for that during the week .
on weekends it 's certainly busier and louder , but not unpalatable .
if you are here for food , try the irish nachos .
i 'm a fan of this place .
murphy 's pub really is a great college bar .
the drink specials are quite good and the choices on tap are plentiful .
food is good for bar food , definitely get the irish nachos sometime .
there really is n't anything irish about them , but they are delicious .
fries are great !
they have great drink deals and good food too .
i recommend trying the irish nachos .
they have different specials everyday too .
either way , that was a bit annoying , so strike two .
the good news is their food is amazing .
why do you have such stars ?
folks , i highly advise you to pass this place up .
i have nothing but the fondest memories of murphy 's pub .
a fun yet relaxing college night , murphy 's is the place for you !
it 's all good , but not really outstanding .
sometimes it 's great and there are n't any problems .
but if it 's crowded things quickly go downhill from there .
it 's still good , but three stars seem more appropriate than four .
the food at murphys is solid .
the best nights at murphy 's are wednesdays and thursdays .
my cabinets are full of awesome logo glasses thanks to murphy 's .
thursdays are phenomenal because it 's $ _num_ pints .
go out with a $ _num_ bill and you 'll have an awesome night .
that simple , that 's all you need .
they have great drink specials and amazing irish nachos !
this is definitely the best bar on campus , hands down .
food is pretty good but sometimes its hit and miss .
i 've had great irish nachos and i 've had terrible irish nachos there .
service is terrible they are incredibly rude .
still reaching for my wallet bartender looks at _num_ dollar tab with no tip .
3rd example usually the irish nachos are covered in toppings , most recent time hardly any .
can i get some more toppings please i did n't get very much .
guy looks at me like i just punched his mother .
answers slowly `` yeah ... i guess i can '' .
thank god i love this place .
and not all are bad , just most .
good times with friends and cheap beers , and that 's pretty much it .
the irish nachos is good to order with two more people .
however , the memories make the place and thats pretty much how murphys survives .
the one place where townies , undergrads and graduate students actually mingle .
the food is pretty good for campustown ; i like the burgers and fries .
what you go to murphys for is the beer .
and it 's not bad beer either .
one of my favorite places to have a beer in champaign .
irish nachos are a must if you 're hungry !
this is the best bar on campus .
i love murphy 's !
it has a great campus bar feel .
a beer for everyone here because their draft list is extensive .
nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations .
and that 's a good thing .
murphy 's keeps things simple , cheap and fun .
i love watching drunk freshman share the plate of irish nachos , absolutely hilarious .
burgers are great , beers good enough for a campus bar .
exactly what you expect .
do you get the idea it was bad ?
skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist .
nice bar to grab food and a beer at .
service from bartenders is mediocre .
atmosphere is irish - feeling but feels kinda meh nice selection of beer and they have green line on tap !
they make you pay up front for your food .
i 'm glad it was n't a problem .
being saturday and plenty of college games on but just not happening here .
let 's go , i 've seen enough .
a great place to have a good beer .
some reviewers seem not to like ordering at the bar .
boo hoo it 's not like a long walk .
beer deals are decent and pub food is very standard .
the bar is huge however , good to bring a big group .
overall , i like murphys .
the loudspeaker announcements though are just really annoying .
atmosphere : disgusting and not aesthetically pleasing .
it smells like dick cheese in here mixed with vomit and under dried towels .
i do not understand how this bar continues to exist .
they use gigantic glasses of mixer with a single standard shot .
 _num_ fl oz for a shot is the next level of low .
but _num_ just leaves me speechless .
standard shot , you guys , is _num_ fl oz .
that 's basically spiked sprite .
my point is , they have _num_ drink craftsmanship .
which is fine since apparently you 're supposed to lower your standards on campus .
food : food service is poor though the food is fairly good .
i get it ... if i were working all night i 'd get hungry too .
oh man , this is a classic college dive bar .
i can not vouch or review the food as i did not partake .
there are no servers .
they then call your name over a pa system to the whole bar .
all in all this place is a dive .
if you want this type of thing , go for it !
five stars is probably due to some heavy nostalgia sentiment for me .
beyond that , they have delicious burgers and fries .
and it 's a more laid back alternative to kam 's or red lion .
still a good memory of being where my first legal us drink was .
food is exactly what would you expect from this place .
but , for what it is ?
it 's a heart attack waiting to happen so do n't order it alone .
it 's like an irish - style pub , lots of dark furniture and seating areas .
great bar for hanging out with colleagues .
there still killing the irish nachos .
the place is interesting and has a comfortable low key feel .
they have _num_ beers on tap as i recall , pbr and high life .
huber 's ' pizza is way better .
service is great , and friendly .
i can definitely see this as a place to go back to .
the brass rail is what a dive bar should be .
every time i 've come i 've enjoyed it .
cheap hamn 's ( really , that is awesome ) and pabst .
they can make cheep frozen pizzas if you are really desperate for some food .
the place has been here forever , and it has not been updated either .
if that is your thing , this is right up your ally .
the selection of alcohol is pretty good .
why am i writing a review about my favorite bar ?
oh shit ... i '' m becoming part of the problem .
the deal is the rail is the shit .
and the owner is n't trying to become some tycoon .
he 's a pretty sweet older dude .
this is what rocks .
the beers pour nicely .
the booze is mighty fine .
this is to keep things real .
are you kinda chill , a bit outside the box ?
stop in .
are you a douche ?
eh , you still deserve a shot of fireball ... then leave .
the brass rail is a diaper .
i always end up being dragged here and i do n't know why !
the beer selection & seating are virtually non existent .
oh yeah , cash only and do n't expect much help from the bartender .
and i love that .
the older i get , the less i want to deal with people .
i am officially red from that 70s show .
who does n't love cheap beer ?
i mean ... .
anyway , very few beer selections but who cares .
you do n't go to the rail to be super snazzy .
it 's literally the epitome of the dive bar .
so take it as it is and stop complaining .
you 've got your regulars and they are all amazing .
in a skillet that can be gross .
overall , i like !
definitely a good brunch place for when you 're really hungry !
not to mention filling .
le peep is a solid breakfast/brunch spot , especially for champaign .
their menu has a nice variety , but nothing too exciting .
this is central illinois , after all .
those midwesterners love their grease .
sounds strange , but what a great idea to put granola in/on pancakes !
have always had a good experience and their food is delicious !
they also make wonderful smoothies .
their classic cubed potatoes are very very good .
their gypsy plate is fantastic .
however , there are things to improve on that need attention .
the dish says it is stuffed with seafood ... a total lie .
you can get it under $ _num_ at walmart !
it 's reliable food , but nothing great or special .
you can also get flavored coffee , though with a few less options .
that 's just what i got .
le peep is mario from super mario bros. _num_ .
that is why i never go back to le peep .
i love getting skillets for breakfast and the ultimate blt for lunch .
it 's pretty good , i have to say .
their sausage is also much better .
food is awesome !
french toast and peasant potatoes are delish !
do n't know why this joint is n't getting more love .
put that hollandaise sauce on my eggs ... .
their menu is huge and everyone i was with enjoyed their food .
the menu is extensive .
i find the less things on the menu , the better the food .
 ( concentrate your excellence , restaurants of the world ! ) 
substitutions are not a part of the extensive menu .
nothing special , but nothing to really complain about .
being a chain le peep is a know quantity and reliable .
wait staff was pretty good and friendly .
what breakfast brunch place does n't have a wait on sundays anyways .
definitely suggest this place for anyone in need of a good meal .
that 's when people go out for brunch !
the irish benedict is amazing .
my brunch motto is : everything with hollandaise sauce , hollandaise sauce with everything .
coffee is kept fresh and warm .
the food quality is not that great .
i personally get the eighteen wheeler - a lot for a good price .
& i like french toast .
they have amazing pancakes and omelettes/skillets .
they serve breakfast , brunch , and lunch .
they do n't serve dinner .
not so many breakfast places in champaign so it is what it is .
le peep is n't that place .
it fits well in the category of mediocre breakfast restaurants in champaign .
i 'm still searching for an exceptional breakfast expericence .
but breakfast is breakfast .
waits on weekend after maybe _num_ .
cheese eggs are great !
i think you 're either a le peep groupie or you 're not .
i 'm not .
i 'll go there , and their food is alright , but nothing special .
pancakes are average .
service is quick and friendly though .
it 's a good find for breakfast in this small town .
had a bit of a wait - - went around 11 am on a weekend .
great french toast , very filling and tasty .
and long behold , this place does not disappoint .
not many restaurants can do that .
the best part about this place is probably the price .
also , there is nothing french about their omelettes .
i have n't tried the crepes so i ca n't give my opinion .
the eggs really need the hollandaise which is so unhealthy .
it 's quite an alright breakfast place .
it 's just a regular pancake house with better food quality .
i always order the blarney skillet with hollandaise sauce on the side .
the hollandaise sauce is actually the highlight of my meal !
basically anything from the skillet section is amazing .
expect ~ 30 mins wait on sunday !
holy cow , they have excellent food !
my personal fav is the blarney skillet sans peppers and onions .
it is the absolute bomb .
wait staff is friendly .
service is excellent .
i am back , and incredibly happy to be back !
i want to like le peep , i really do .
it just seems every time i go , something is n't right .
this is one of the best breakfast places i 've ever been been to .
their food is seriously yummy .
but the concept is very interesting .
it looks like a quaint kitchen , possibly decorated by your blind grandmother .
looks are n't everything .
they really know how to make a good skillet .
this is a solid low price breakfast place .
i like the mini omelets .
this is one of my favorite weekend breakfast stops .
the food is always top notch .
the eggs benedict is one of the best i 've had in town .
service is fast and friendly .
you never feel rushed .
but get there early , the place fills up fast and stays busy !
the staff are overly friendly and bring a smile everytime !
food is is always delicious !
and they serve food fast .
however , i 've had additional health problems and have identified more food allergies/triggers .
the potatoes are prepackaged and seasoned with onion powder .
onions have been identified as my biggest allergy .
i know with allergies/food triggers , we can be annoying customers .
the food is usually very good and the service is excellent .
le peep be mine # wcw definitely a nice little breakfast place with delicious food .
love having a water pitcher at the table .
and bring several friends with me !
i 've never met a bad wait - staff or hostess here .
also , grab a glass of the raw cider .
it 's intense .
absolutely love le peep the staff is friendly , but i just expect better food for the price .
the menu has a wide variety of breakfast foods .
first impression : ho ` dang that is a lot of food !
service is okay .
overall , not great , but not a place that needs avoiding .
great place to have breakfast .
i love cooking but once in a while i crave for breakfast in bed .
i usually like to decide my menu beforehand .
but now since i have gone many times , i have taken a few .
try the wanderer skillet !
la peep does everything right .
they even offer you a coffee to take home when you leave !
the waitstaff is always friendly , knowledgeable , and pleasant .
people often say `` everything i 've ordered from here has been good . '' 
well , everything i 've ever had at la peep has been fantastic .
the presentation is spotless .
every plate is beautiful .
they 've never messed up my eggs .
basically , la peep is the perfect brunch spot .
this place is awesome .
this is my new favorite place in the cu area .
this are the best pancakes that i ever had !
there breakfast is great , low price with tons of food , nice food .
all are nice , especially the omelette , enough soft egg flavor .
very good service and wonderful atmosphere this is the real deal - a little italy in itself .
i love the chicken capperi - the wine sauce is incredibly delicious .
prices are good , food 's good .
all i want are fresh ingredients , toothsome pasta , and freshly - grated parmigiano - reggiano ... ana 's review is spot - on .
only the fact that this place is so cheap keeps it afloat .
i love manzella 's !
in addition , the prices are very reasonable and the staff is really friendly !
i usually take at least 1/2 of it home for later .
the pizza is awesome too !
the food and service are great and consistent !
 : ) ps : for those cold , snowy nights , they also deliver !
the portions are big but are slightly pricey .
i loooooove this place !
very nice with a cute , homey , warm , dining room .
love the ranch salad dressing !
everything on the menu is yummy .
i usually get the cheese filled ravioli and they are superb !
i have never had a bad meal or experience here .
my boyfriend and i love it .
food is about what you 'd expect from a central illinois italian restaurant .
the place smells dirty .
the decor is 70s kitschy , and that 's okay .
my family has been coming here for years .
i remember having my little league banquet here when i was _num_ or _num_ .
this place has not been updated since the _num_ 's , and it shows .
the service is fast and friendly .
food comes out quick as well .
manicotti is bland , except for the overly sweet sauce .
canned sardines , the pasta is probably not freshly made .
saying all that , this place still has a special place in my heart .
though i wish dom 's was still open ... get the italian beef sandwiches this place is ahh mazing !
the boy eddie that works there is so sweet and nice and cute .
do n't know if they had another menu for dinner .
restaurant has n't changed in more than thirty years and is very dated .
the food is generally good , and service is average .
all in all i do n't know what we will ever go back .
i am in hopes the owners eventually make me want to return .
and i love it .
everything on the menu is delicious and the service is usually very good .
the meatball sandwich is great too .
ok , let 's talk about the meal .
that just is n't possible ! '' 
so then the bill comes .
sadly , none of that is true now .
for that i give them _num_ stars .
this is a very old - fashioned menswear store .
they have regular sales on most or all of their items , including suits .
i have purchased items as gifts and my fiance has bought some suits here .
when it comes to customer service , perhaps they need a refresher course .
they also have a small table of fair - trade coffees and chocolates .
it is a cute little store with very unique items .
as a result the prices are fairly high .
cool stuff and helping the world be a cooler place , two thumbs up !
 : ) fair trade offerings make unique gifts .
this is akin to grassroots in anchorage .
around christmas , there are so many beautiful , handmade decorations .
additionally , they treat female customers with respect .
i can not recommend this business enough .
great place to get a quick oil change .
cool shop , too , as far as oil change places go : ) get in , get out .
i 'll definitely be back next time i 'm due for an oil change .
highly recommend !
great place to get a quick oil change .
they 're always friendly and always very quick with what you have them do .
i 'm pretty good at that game , so they are really quick .
the manager is very knowledgeable and the stuff clean my car like new !
highly recommend !
i 've come here now _num_ times .
the service here is great .
no bs they do what you ask and not try to up sell stuff .
plus there is never a line and they are quick .
dom 's has been around for years .
dom 's is far superior to many of the other italian restaurants in town .
dom 's has closed ?
you 're killing me !
does anyone have their recipes ?
oh , please .
please excuse me now while i gnash my teeth and rend sackcloth .
an old - school place that has now closed .
so keep an eye out for butitta 's !
woo !
they have beautiful arrangements at fair prices .
hours are 9 - 5 m , w - sat .
now we 're married .
this shop is closed .
so it 's a draw .
it 's weird .
even though no one else likes this place .
i 'm a big fan !
can we say cheap but super yummy mojitos ?
how awesome is that ?
barfly makes no sense .
i mean , who are you trying to attract ?
are you trying to get the pseudo - cosmopolitan crowd that drink classy martinis ?
the townies trying to look elegant ?
the drinks are great .
it 's closed !
thank goodness !
gallo miller 's people are friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful .
better still , their work is excellent .
and my car looks like new .
they are booked several weeks out , but worth the wait if you can .
it is obvious that they really care about the customer , how refreshing !
super fast considering they replace the whole passenger side of my car ... great job , and thank you gallo - miller .
that is what i wanted , and it 's what they delivered .
as is , that there burger is lethal , my friend .
please .
i 've never eaten at hardee 's .
i 've been to hardee 's twice .
i 've been avoiding it ever since .
boyfriend finishes eating basically as soon as i sit down .
this is normal .
friend b finishes her meal .
by now it 's been ten minutes .
i check my receipt .
it 's been fifteen minutes .
my friends need to get back to work .
i flag down the next passing employee , who happens to be the manager .
i ask him what had happened to my food .
manager disappears , comes back three or so minutes later .
i tell him to cancel my order and give me a refund .
i really love the taco bell on neil .
aside from not having any dressing the salad itself is warm .
i prefer a crisp cold salad like most people .
however , the ring of onion on it is very hot .
this hardee 's always has nice staff well whenever i have been there .
from my vantage point i question the cleanliness of this restaurant .
thank you .
sign up online for coupon i.e.e free drink/fries with thickburger purchase _num_ .
download the app to earn points toward free food their chicken tenders are off the hook .
i only drive through and i 've found the service to be consistently good .
nope just to lazy to change it .
that also had only one car ... this is a litltle after _num_ pm .
i like that they fries were cut unpeeled .
but i still love it .
and i always get sad because it is so gross in there .
none of these other reviews do justice to this bar .
this is the best spot in downtown champaign overall .
blind pig has more character and better drinks .
but historically , mike murphy has the goods .
the place is not filthy , it 's just not clean .
it 's not meant to be clean .
this place is grand .
 ( what 's on then anyway ?
curling ? ) 
makes up for the cheap beer , i guess .
nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends .
mike & molly 's is my home base in champaign .
and then there is the music .
the beer prices are on the wall , so they stay the same .
it means someone is adding a little extra on for themselves .
they have drink specials sunday - thursday , but none for the weekends .
the place has a good dive feel , dark but not terribly seedy .
the other bars in town smell better and have a good enough selection .
even if the improv had n't rocked , there 's still karaoke after !
what 's not to like ?
all in all , it 's a solid place for sure .
the atmosphere is casual and vey relaxed .
great hang .
it 's a nice , comfortable , homey kind of bar .
monday nights they have karaoke , which can also be a great time .
they have an epically awesome beer garden in the summer .
sometimes , they have live music upstairs which is hit or miss .
they have a lot to offer !
check this place out .
prices are good and there 's an excellent scotch/whisky selection as well .
your mileage may vary depending on how much you like local music .
it 's strange and offputting and also makes the place reek of desperation .
the specials are quite cheap between sunday and wednesday .
my only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting .
mike n molly 's has an excellent beer selection , an excellent whiskey selection .
it is perfect for coming in really any ( or every ? ) 
their beer garden is excellent .
sometimes a dance party happens .
free admission on mondays , because it 's karaoke night .
 ( no , that does not mean i drink too much . ) 
they usually have some live music a few times during the week .
the beer and service is good .
quality is not bad .
there are a handful of taps .
things rotate , but i have found port , founders , goose island etc .
overall a nice place to relax and have some good beers with friends .
this is one of those places that i wish i went to more often .
this is a great spot for spring and summer .
this is my go to place , i love it here .
mondays and tuesdays are my favorite , comedy and kareoke night whoo whoo !
huge beer garden , they hold lots of shows out there in the summer .
they also have really awesome djs .
devon is a really fun bartender , lots of spunk .
the drinks are cheap anyway !
the same beers just up the road in chicago are 8 - 9 bucks !
keep up the good work mike n molly 's !
this place is ideal in the summer when there are outdoor shows .
they also have a decent selection of beer and liquor .
they do n't serve food which can be annoying for an early evening show .
they also have some fresh , ready - to - eat items like salads , samosas and baklava .
they 're pretty similar to the other international food store .
i usually just visit whichever one is least out of my way .
this is the smaller of the two , with overall a slightly smaller selection .
also , there are weekly sales ( saturdays i believe ) on their cheeses .
i really miss euro mart .
they do the whole massage , filing , cuticle trimming , etc .
their polish selection is basically limited to opi .
this place is totally overpriced , and they 're sloppy .
also , the massage chairs suck .
i have been to millennium nails several times .
never go here !
they are rude and do a horrible job .
it is jagged and a different color and it looks terrible .
my right hand nails are longer than the left .
i said , i like it just the way they are ( rounded ) .
it 's aggravating but it 's a first world problem , right ?
i 'm do n't giving this place a chance .
they do not sterilize the tools between customer uses .
if you go to this place you 're going to get an infectious disease .
i 've been going here for _num_ years !
they are great .
i love them and highly recommend them .
this place is completely shady and horrible .
my friend 's experience is what really baffled me though .
all in all , a worthless place to go and get your mood spoilt !
save your money .
go somewhere else .
elegant nails on south neil has the same prices with superior services .
the sandwiches and burgers are very heavy and caloric .
beer and wine selection are not huge .
the food is pretty good too !
low - key place that 's good for drinks or a meal .
bartender and servers are late - 20s age and very charming .
that goes for all dishes , actually .
this place has killer nachos , and usually pretty good servers .
lots of eye candy abounds .
my usual place to watch sports .
former coke bottling plant building in town , tastefully redone .
i have more tattoos now , but my first is still my favorite .
the color has held up nicely over almost _num_ years .
they host good music concerts , and david sedaris has appeared .
older theatre but it still does the job !
oh wait ... that does seem kinda like a bromance/man - date .
a 150 - foot screen that shows classic films monthly in their original frame size .
they have great concessions , cheap tickets , and an original wurlitzer organ .
really fun theater to go to .
lovely old theater - - so glad it 's been restored and maintained !
the staff is always courteous and helpful .
a variety of shows is sure to please all types of community members !
a nust see !
i am not always a big fan of arirang .
somehow i find that their food is kinda bland .
but surprisingly there 's lots of koreans eating at this place .
oh well , i am not korean .
what do i know ?
= ) i 'm a huge fan of the combination bulgogi plate .
i 'm getting hungry for some right now .
too bad i 'm two hours away ... * sigh * the food 's decent , but i 've never been impressed by this place .
i see this is a trend with the korean restaurants in campus town .
so first things first , they do n't accept cash .
my , we need to get with the times people .
so i order one of the specials , which is tofu soup and fish .
so yeah , the food is okay , not too bad .
i do n't know .
maybe there are n't too many korean restaurants around here ?
a - ok - three stars - seems about right .
 `` a - ri - rang '' is the most popular and best - known korean folk song .
a - ri - rang is an ancient native korean word with no modern meaning .
` ari ' means `` beautiful '' ; ` rang ' can mean `` dear '' .
he always has the tv blaring on headline news .
but the food is good , maybe the best korean on campus .
this is no small feat in a university town hosting _num_ native koreans .
when i 'm on campus , this is where i like to eat .
if you want korean soup or fried rice , go here .
this is a low key campus joint so what do you expect ?
food is pretty good , though rather pricey for a campustown restaurant in my opinion very good soup and fish dishes .
each place has their own specialties .
i love getting the bibimbap and bulgogi from here .
in my opinion , the soon du bu does n't have much flavor .
l i give it _num_ stars because of what i get for the price .
every dish comes with at least _num_ side dishes of kimchi .
try the bulgogi dishes and the budae jigae .
also try the omu rice .
it 's their version of omelet fried rice .
in fact , what do you expect at a no - waiter restaurant ?
you do n't have to pay tips already .
cheap and hits the spot .
i think it 's one of the most affordable korean restaurants on campus .
for a college kid , it 's a huge win .
i think the omu rice here is pretty clutch too .
it depends what dish you ordered .
i personally recommend soup # _num_ budae - jigae .
and the fried fish is also good .
this is my korean staple on campus .
i always get the budae jjigae .
be warned , it is huge .
they make great kimchi as well , especially the potato variety .
give it a try and fall in love with the spicy soups .
the boss trying to sell me something they want to sell , which sucks .
and the food is very low quality in all the korean restaurant .
i have had .
looking for korean food ?
want budaejigae ?
the market itself is a war zone .
every day , there is always a lunch special going on .
and it is most definitely worth every penny !
i adore the budaejigae here !
if you must order something , get that .
you can also choose the level of spiciness of the broth .
they have a nice laminated menu at the desk to chose your entree .
prices have gone up according to my wife since she was in college .
food is decent .
serving time is mediocre at best .
price is somewhat higher than expected .
daily special number _num_ is the way to go !
it comes with half a mackerel , and a decent bowl of tofu soup .
the mackerel can be dry at times though .
the kimchi jjigae has a large portion and tastes good too .
the food here is reasonably priced with a large portion .
waiting time is a little big long - - it often takes more than _num_ minutes i tried out their bibimbap and it was fairly average .
not much else to say here .
the food is fairly average , it 's not that great .
the owner is very nice and the place is fairly clean .
chances are , the fine folks at natural gourmet can help you out .
located just west of biaggi 's , natural gourmet is easy to find .
she 's amazing !
they also have an amazing selection of food items , particularly baking supplies . ) 
no place is perfect , and ng does have a few cons .
produce selection is very limited , to the point of being almost nonexistent .
this is my go - to place for organic and pastured meats .
i like the noodle soups especially .
the mussleman curry chicken with egg is a must try .
the flavor is outstanding .
i 'm hooked !
if you can handle the spice do try the basil beef too !
help , i 'm addicted .
go out and support this wonderful locally owned business .
they know their supplements and food in and out .
they carry the best brands in the industry .
hmmm what to say about this chevy 's .
so , not good for the tipping there .
if you want to sit in the bar you can go right ahead .
i 've been craving another one ever since we went !
looking forward to going back .
all the way through , chevys is a delicious meal .
the entrees are great .
anything 's good , but in particular , i want to recommend the flautas .
also , make sure you get the yellow corn stuff .
but , it 's delicious .
you need it .
i do n't care that this is a chain .
all of the menu items i 've tried there have been amazing .
it 's always friendly service , and they 're very accommodating .
the prices are good as well .
never has a restaurant left more of an impression on me .
i am talking the pasty orange processed shit , pun fucking intended .
that 's _num_ cents an ounce .
apparently `` smothered '' burritos actually means fucking coated with nacho cheese .
you can tell i really hate this shit .
let 's move on .
not joking .
i think .
i do n't blame him .
i come for the corn cake .
it 's good , but , like , ok good .
that sauce is awesome .
they also have a tortilla maker as well .
well , where to begin ... .
yuck , this place has really gone down hill .
business is closed as of the end of november _num_ .
this place is closed , and for good reason .
you kind of have to treat legends this way , like a fresh puppy .
it 's a science and they have the titration juuuuust right .
the fries are awesome too .
good university crowd to go along with all the university memorabelia on the walls .
surprisingly , this is more than the college bar .
the food is served fresh and fast , and the prices are moderate .
drinks/food are pretty cheap .
thinking about legends brings back so many college memories ... tear .
it 's always wheel chair accessible which is great .
there 's few places on campus that are .
it is a big yawning space , with marginal food and service .
guess i am old school on this one .
go illini !
i hope they still have magic hat on tap .
yet another sports bar that 's on campus .
do n't get the mushroom soup here even though it sounds awesome !
honestly , this is the same as most any other bar .
good place to get a table and hang out .
an extra star because they sell playing cards for a buck .
solid sports bar i think .
the employees have always been very nice .
the portion is huge also !
i am a legends fan .
thursday thru saturday they have a dj so you can make requests and such .
i just wish their kitchen was open later .
legends has food ?
how come i did not know this ?
they make a fabulous sex on the beach .
the drink prices are reasonable .
the noise level is tolerable .
the large area does make it enjoyable for happy hours though .
the drink prices are reasonable for campus and amazing when compared to chicago .
their half off appetizer deal on fridays is pretty sweet too .
love it love it .
i 've had many a fun night here .
food - taco salad , how i love thee .
i have n't found a taco salad in the city that compares .
it 's huge and actually has a lot of lettuce !
i want to like legends more .
however , the hamburgers are a bit weak .
also i do n't think the burgers come with fries .
i am nothing if not magnanimous .
never any cover , legends is always crowded on weekend nights .
it 's like getting your scrotum caught while zipping up your fly .
it 's like watching schindler 's list during a bachelor party .
it 's like clogging the toilet at your girlfriend 's parent 's house .
be careful what you ask for at this popular campus town location .
do n't go to legends to drink .
we try and go there for the best fish sandwich in town !
be sure and order the beer batter onion rings also .
a pay parking lot is right next door .
i 'm seriously confused .
do some of the idiots reviewing legends know which bar is actually legends ?
im a regular there and have been for the past year and a half .
they 've never had _num_ dollar long islands esp not on thursdays .
oh and their fish sandwich is great .
i am a big fan of the stepnpull in the women 's bathroom .
it 's always hard to get the attention of the bartenders .
beer is n't great and it 's relatively expensive for what it is .
they also have a terrible patio in the back .
on top of that the food is n't really very good .
so it fails at being a bar and sports bar .
it 's a bar - bar food , beer , booths and stools .
the food is actually quite good .
not to mention the utter lack of life on a friday night .
do so .
i cant stand this bar .
it takes forever to get a drink .
they only pour beer !
i want to punch that guy so bad .
i am so glad me and my friends do n't go here often .
i strongly suggest pickingmurphys over this abomination of terrible service .
never go here .
the patio is a decent size and appealing when it 's nice out .
the prices are about campus average and the tap selection sucks .
definitely my go - to if i feel like drinking on campus without being heavily annoyed .
strawberry is the best ` flavorita ' .
i can not comprehend how their burgers were ever voted best in champaign .
i 've never seen so many polo shirts and khakis in one venue .
the big pro is the location in campus town .
the big con is the food .
the cheeseburger at legends is a typical bar - style burger .
on the other hand , it 's still a college bar .
but it 's my favorite and thus _num_ stars .
and , i have to say , the beer selection 's pretty good actually .
but you really go to legends for the atmosphere .
their food is actually pretty decent .
not overly amazing but pretty good as far as bar food goes .
go early .
this is def a day drinking bar .
i 'm torn about legends .
beer selection is okay , though .
it is my favorite bar on campus .
however , the service has been horrible lately .
my personal choice of burger is the works burger .
it 's not great , but still better than burgers from joes or murphys .
well i ca n't remember but i 'm sure there were plenty .
their loaded fries are bomb and the fish sandwiches are definitely worth the waits .
it really seems like they have everything here .
they do have hooked deals from time to time which is a nice touch .
their burgers are also really enjoyable .
the burgers and fries here are actually very good .
and the loaded fries are always a good idea .
the nachos are worth it too !
way to go legends looking for a spot to eat on my weekend adventure in champaign .
it 's a very spacious bar with tables along the walls .
i wish i would have ordered two of them it was so good .
why five stars you ask ?
and why review a hooters in champaign when i live in chicago ?
hooters also leaves the `` tips '' on its wings too .
i do n't recommend anyone go to the champaign hooters .
instead , go to buffalo wild wings - waaaaay better !
only drawback is the price , they are pretty expensive .
plus they are easy on the eyes .
i love hooters !
everything tastes fine , just missing some texture .
even jus finding this place ( located behind hardee 's ) is difficult .
it 's as if hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business .
; ) only 3 * for mediocre - ism food is just like other sports bars .
not a fan of the wings i 'm a woman so i ca n't go higher than a _num_ ... .
set up is a little awkward .
better wings than i 've had at other hooters .
one of the better hooters i have been to in the midwest !
hooters wings are the same wherever you go .
they are not realising that how bad they are .
i love the wings and he loves the grilled cheese !
we always have a blast when we visit !
all of the waitresses we have had have been wonderful .
thank you !
you can tell he is very knowledgeable and experienced .
his prices are also very reasonable .
also , he is located in suite _num_ , not _num_ .
our appointment is at 3 : 30 and i ca n't wait .
quality : glenn is fantastic in what he does .
price : the deals offered are great , especially if you are a student .
i feel like i am receiving my money 's worth every time .
he puts on some very soothing spa music that really accentuates the mood .
glenn is super professional and do everything to accommodate his clients .
the massage is great .
very relaxing !
glenn has the magic touch to make all the pains disappear !
glenn has a lot of training and experience .
he offers a variety of different kinds of massages and therapy .
i definitely recommend this restaurant .
what a let down !
so many lovely memories of going here twice a week ( at least ! ) 
excellent owners and staff with a very inviting and unique environment .
she remembers all of their names , and greets and hugs their kids too .
this place is great .
not only that , but they are very accommodating .
this place is great .
goooo heeeeereee om nom nom ... the first difficulty i had with peking garden is ordering .
they do not have a website and it is not easily found online .
i realize that the standards for chinese food in this town are extreeeemely low .
i 've never had such a horrible and disgusting excuse for fried rice .
effing gross .
i love spicy food .
we do n't even go there that often !
what else is there to say ?
we are pretty sure it was from the egg drop soup .
i 've never dined in , only carryout .
just walk on over and i have a bag full of delicious warm food .
i wont be going back !
i come here for lunch occasionally , and the food is pretty decent .
what a great memory and way to connect with your customers !
the general tso 's is pretty good , although not outstanding .
it 's pretty much a party in your mouth .
and the delivery service is great .
i 'm definitely coming back .
i have had delivery from peking garden a few times .
it is life sustaining , but not much beyond that .
the portions are huge ... be advised !
it reminds me of the many neighborhood chinese places all up and down manhattan .
this place offers solid authentic chinese food .
i wish i could rate _num_ stars .
i have been a regular of this place since _num_ .
but man , these people can cook !
reminds me of chinatown in chicago il happy times !
ok yes , it is a little shady .
but hot damn is it my guilty pleasure .
drinks are totally from _num_ 's .
this is our favorite chinese place in town .
we recommend this highly .
the good : - their egg rolls are very good too .
we 've been there couple of times .
great soups and love the steamed dumplings .
give it a try .
i 'm a regular there for lunch .
they 're friendly and serve good food .
the lunch menu is also very affordable .
it 's just a lot of extra food i do n't need .
i 've never been disappointed .
delicious chinese food in a town where there is a lot of competition .
the orange beef and chili chicken are both excellent dishes .
definitely need to be cleaned though , the restaurant is dirty .
two small complaints i have are the soy sauce and fortune cookies .
servings are small compared to other chinese restaurants .
 - super nice service - good food - good portions - good variety - good for groups - interior of the store is cozy , clean , and well done cons : - food can be oily , but to be honest those particular dishes are oily anywhere - the americanized dishes are n't that good in my opinion not that big of an issue .
i work downtown so this is my goto asian lunch spot .
also , the owners and staff are very friendly .
3/5 i 've grown tired of these cookie cutter chinese takeout places .
peking garden is a throwback to how i remember real chinese food .
love the food here !
i love trying new things and i live nearby .
so far every choice has been a great success !
try their eggplant ( yes , eggplant ) dish .
our go - to , favorite place to have chinese food !
the spicy chicken [ # _num_ ] is a must - try !
the owners are vert nice too .
potstickers - get them .
i 'm there !
daily specials are good too .
things i 've tried : all of the daily specials - all tasty and what you 'd expect .
the pitas are grilled instead of just warmed .
to top it off , the owner is a nice guy .
now that 's good service : ) delicious hot dogs .
the only place i 'd like to have hot dogs is in here !
and yeah , you can get a glimpse of cnn headlines while there .
but you have to clean after yourself .
it has everything from frozen cheesecake on a stick to tamales to gyros .
this place is great - the owner is the nicest guy as well .
my favorites are the vienna footlong and italian .
the polish is really mediocre though .
the fries are the best part .
the owner may seem mean , but he is one cool guy .
he only accepts visa or mastercard .
and even then , there is a _num_ cent charge .
ask for extra sport peppers !
it sounds like people are upset because of no sesame seed buns .
they 've also switched peppers .
be aware if you do n't want any kick !
fries are freaking awesome as always , hot and crisp .
he runs a great place with pride that many eateries lack .
it 's the perfect lunch place .
especially if you are tired of the overpriced crap in the union 's basement .
btw , the owner has always been nice to me ... a reasonable place for decent food at a cheap price .
something about the ambiance of the place puts me off though .
i 'm always amused by the cast of characters who work at wonderdogs .
i effing love wonderdogs .
on top of that , the food is fast , cheap , and delicious .
thanks wonderdogs , for putting up with ridiculous , hungry graduate students .
 : ) is that ok ? '' 
so kudos to him for being accomodating .
and they ask you to have a seat and walk it out to you .
the pita is crispy and oily .
i like the collection of frocks and outerwear .
also the accessories are fun .
and the vintage frames are great !
a surprising amount of my wardrobe favorites are from dandelion .
 ( that i miss dearly ! ) 
the best thrift store i 've been to outside a major city .
i rarely leave without finding something i love ( and have to have ! ) 
eighties blouses are true polyester eighties blouses .
there are obscure labels and strange finds .
there are boots to match in the corner , you know .
no wonder they 've been around so long .
standouts : red corduroy flares that fit like a glove .
the prices for sell/trade are fair .
however , i find hipster douchebags amusing , not annoying .
i have about _num_ pair from there .
luckily , dandelion also has dressing rooms , unlike some used clothing shops .
i do n't know i just was n't that impressed .
maybe it 's hit or miss ?
i love stopping by here once every one or two weeks .
they always seem to get in new finds .
 ( i am a goodwill pro , too ) .
there is a good mix of truly vintage and newer items as well .
this place is filled with awesome fun old things !
and it 's even clean !
it smells nice , they have the incense i like .
their hours are more reasonable than carrie 's .
what i do n't like : their organization .
organizing by color ... why ?
some of their clothes are literally falling apart and still marked at full price .
i 'm a thrift - store dweller .
worth noting : they have better hours than most vintage shops or thrift stores .
they 're just doing their thing , guys .
tumble inn , stumble out .
the outdoor area is a plus too .
this bar is nothing short of amazing .
everyone i 've ever introduced to this bar has loved it !
it 's close enough to campus apartments to walk there and stumble home .
everyone here is super friendly , and it 's a nice in - between campus/downtown spot .
the bartenders ( chester especially ) are great and the company is good .
a timeless gathering place is their mantra , and oh so true .
ti is an unbelievable dive bar .
i love to hang out there especially at the end of the night .
my sister , wife and illini niece loved it !
next year i 'm setting the golden tee record !
though that is just my picky tastes .
that is best as i can put it .
do n't forget that everyone stumbles out for good reason ... my favorite bar , hands down , in the c - u area .
no frills or thrills , just a great place to hang out .
we have so much fun when we visit .
it 's a great place to hang with friends and watch a game .
in addition , laser does not have any effect on white hair at all .
the office is nice and very clean .
you mileage may vary .
bob evan 's in champaign il is very good .
give that one a try .
the facility is immaculate , and the environment matches as well .
this bob evans is a hidden gem in this little town .
a solid breakfast choice if you are in the area .
sometimes , you just want breakfast .
i get that .
the pancakes are pretty good , but they 're huge .
i can barely finish half of them even when i 'm really hungry .
everything i 've tried has been pretty good , though nothing outstanding .
cleanest kitchen i have ever seen !
love the fresh dinner rolls and the orange juice .
i always like the meatloaf , mashed potatoes and green beans .
it 's just ok .
how is this place empty ?
if you do n't want to wait in line this is the place .
i highly recommend giving it a shot .
this particular establishment has similar lay out as all others .
banana bread is great !
everything else ranges from okay to awful .
champaign public library does n't hold a candle to the urbana free library .
either way , the two libraries are on the lincoln trail system .
it 's truly wonderful .
unless you 're looking for brand spankin ' new releases .
at the cpl , you can rent a dvd for $ _num_ .
keep it for an entire week .
when i move , i 'm going to miss the free dvd rentals .
tip : be careful where you park .
most of the spaces are tiny and jam - packed with cars inches from one another .
this is the fanciest library i 've ever seen !
my favorite things about this library are : - plenty of seating .
there are even quiet rooms if you need the extra silence .
i 'm still trying to get him interested in the actual books though .
they also have story time in a separate room there .
the rainbow lights of the librarian 's desk also entertain my son .
i 've never seen anything like it .
you do n't have to park or get out of your car .
i 'm in this library as i type .
it 's the fourth time since it 's been remodeled .
plenty of large tables to get down and dirty with calculus on .
there is a cafe .
the audio visual rental selection is quite large too .
here 's a review .
the building is so cool and modern inside .
the instructors are so talented .
they sing and read books to our babies .
they also bring toys for them to play with .
my little girl loves it !
and loves to be with the other babies as well .
this library is amazing !
the kids area is awesome !
their media section is also huge .
check out is fast and easy with the `` self checkout '' stations .
it 's the best library i have ever been to - seriously .
it 's a beautiful building with plenty of space and friendly staff .
i just have to prove i live here ... hm ... i absolutely love this library .
no doubt they are one of top _num_ libraries in the country .
looks aside , the library is filled with everything a bibliophile could hope for .
computer terminals at all the right places for catalog searching .
huge tables and quiet areas for studying and researching .
a small cafe downstairs to supply a book 's best companion - coffee .
great place to pick up movies and books and relax .
it 's nice to get off campus and see `` real people '' .
one drawback is noise level .
loud cellphone conversations are as common here as anywhere .
this place is the worst .
to excite people about reading and give free access to all .
also , they have a rather fantastic collection of cds .
big tables are great for spreading out .
also : wifi is free , but only if you have a library card .
not sure how it works if you do not have a library card .
i love the library .
 - tons of window light - cafe with tasty treats and lattes - free wifi - lots of table space - great book selection - lots of dvds/bds other towns residents can also use the library with some restrictions .
in summary , a place to go for everyone , rich or poor .
sure the building is somewhat pretty .
however , that does n't make up for the rude service .
they are constantly hovering around groups .
the library is slowly losing it 's funding and not making much profit .
i now understand why .
this is a wonderful library !
i love that you can rent dvds and cds for free .
the employees are always very helpful and informative .
let me list them here _num_ .
it is super easy to get a card .
you hop on a computer and put in your information to obtain a card .
electronic resource galore : they have zinio , hoopla for online movies and cd rental _num_ .
computer stations everywhere and in the kids section they allow video games to be played _num_ .
large library catalog , you can find likely anything here _num_ .
i 've been a loyal cpl goer for many years .
the library has so many benefits for families and individuals .
the children 's book selection is enormous .
the checkout is a breeze with the electronic tags found in every book .
there 's always been someone there to ask questions if needed .
they are rude to their customers and act way more important than they are .
the gentleman that works on the children 's department is amazing .
my 4yo daughter loves when he does story time .
the reading programs keep my daughter wanting to come back every week .
prices on - campus are comparable to the rest of campus properties .
 _num_ cats are ok in most places , no dogs .
slow to plow parking lots , but perpetually mow in the summer .
washers and dryers in the complex sometimes work , usually do not .
also , outside and inside lights are quite frequently not working .
you end up with pitch - dark hallways and cul - de - sacs .
apartment showings - _num_ days a week people walk through your place .
i agree with jenna m. - barr real estate is terrible !
what i have a beef with is their assessment of cleaning upon moving out .
that is outrageous and appalling .
here 's my experience from moving out of a barr apartment .
before moving out they give you a move out checklist .
in my google web albums , please decide for yourself .
this is not an uncommon example , as you can see from other reviews .
authuser = 0 & feat = directlink mcelroy is phenomenal .
do n't recommend the shorter chick , though .
dr. dust may be the most compassionate vet i 've ever met .
we now see drs .
i 've been taking my cat here for many years .
he sees dr. dust and i 've been incredibly happy with my visits here .
their prices are probably on the high end , but not unreasonable .
dr. dust and the rest of the staff are all wonderful .
parking is easy and the location is terrific .
 : ) this is the best clinic i have used .
seems like you ca n't go wrong with any of the vets here .
thank you for not steering me wrong yelpers !
dr. rhodes was awesome .
we have found our forever vet !
i take my cat and my dog here .
the staff are really great with them .
bleeding gums , too skinny , torn pads , and whip worm .
the staff are really nice .
even the cats likes them .
i highly recommend them .
love this clinic and what they stand for !
thank you !
he 's now eating a wet food that he loves .
this cat mama is very appreciative of you , dr. mcelroy !
after my first experience , i agree .
for new clients , they provide a totally free check - up .
this does n't include vaccinations or anything .
i 'm grateful to yelp for steering me towards vca .
they are very warm and thoughtful .
i love coming to this clinic !
everyone is always very nice and helpful .
i take my cat to dr. mcelroy and she is great .
i will continue to bring my pet here for all his health care needs !
we 've been taking our new dogs there ever since .
i love vca !
they are always helpful and take extremely good care of my dog .
my dog likes all of the vet techs and especially loves dr dust !
do not go there !
three words don ; t go here !
i think i was his first client .
i am very disappointed in the pedicure i received today .
i am positive that i will never be back to this place .
they always do a great job on my eyebrows !
i never go anywhere else !
ask for phien , she is the best !
she is also very friendly !
i have no problem recommending this to my friends .
how i miss it .
i am a fan !
my one complaint is the parking situation .
sorry ... ) , and the highdive does not have its own lot .
there are no un - metered spots for miles .
this place is decent .
the layout is very strange .
it seems like an old restaurant with a stage in it .
is it like going to the metro in chicago ?
is it like going to the orpheum in madison ?
it 's a very tolerable and enjoyable venue .
i 've never been here for a show ... well , let me clarify .
things usually devolve into a shit show .
very intimate venue to see your fave bands play with good food and libations .
if you 're coming to a show , get there early to snag seating .
folks , this is your quintessential small town concert venue .
i like it .
the view and sound is fantastic .
worst bar i 've ever been too .
pay $ _num_ dollars for cover and expect a complete waste of your money .
cash is preferred , but i do believe they take debit/credit .
there are a few tables as well as the bar to sit at .
there 's a great stage for viewing the acts .
there is a bartender here with impressive mixology skils !
this is a lovely venue .
it 's a great location in downtown champaign .
this is what i would call a sweet book shop .
well it is .
i always find something unique when i shop here .
a great place to explore , and a real hidden treasure of champaign - urbana .
this is one of my favorite places in cu .
there are so many treasures to find here .
sometimes you have to dig a bit but it 's well worth it .
it 's now under new ownership but have no fear !
they 've already done a great job .
not sure they 're there yet but they 're trying .
a total steal !
as a total bookworm , let me just say that i adore this place .
upstairs is a maze of tiny rooms , each devoted to their own subject .
the staff is great .
the inventory is mind - blowing , and it is locally - owned !
i 'm a former literature professor with broad tastes in reading .
jane addams satisfies them .
do n't expect bargain prices .
the prices are often good , but not exceptionally good .
the new owners are much more welcoming , and now i go regularly again .
they know their stock and are glad to help you look for something .
but , really , browsing is the best part of the experience .
there is a great feel here , with books piled everywhere .
there are three stories of books in all genres .
i have found great gifts here as well as stuff i want to read .
they have a giant selection .
i love this treasure .
jane adams has a wildly big selection of unique books .
the only problem i ever have if going in and deciding on just a couple my favorite book store in the area .
i love how spacious the location is , with it 's three floors .
you can get a lot of in - store credit for what you have .
definitely something i have taken advantage of over the years .
i love this little bookstore in champaign !
here 's the deets : everything .
i like big books and i can not lie .
loving it !
for a small town like chambana , this is pretty good .
oh , did i tell you they have a carousel too ?
this is one of the better malls in this area .
they have a variety of stores for men , women , and kids .
there are no empty stores and it does get busy at the mall .
they have a great steak and potato company which closed in springfield years ago .
i like all the speciality stores that are here .
the food court is okay .
the carousel is real cool looking .
i 'm afraid my _num_ year old will get hurt !
food court is n't that great .
list of stores : http : / / www.marketplacemall.com/directory stay away from the children 's place !
landmark review : there are not too many amenities compared to the other malls .
free kids play area a pretty plain regular mall just like the other thousands .
nice mall great stores and food court but they need more seating for people .
my favorite is macy 's and white house black market .
do n't make eye contact is the best bet .
the food court is pretty cool too .
they have a carasoul and some of the places hand out free samples .
this mall has really gone downhill in the past few years .
it seems as though no stores can survive there .
if a hollister ca n't survive i 'm not sure what can .
the food court is really nothing special .
i 've had the most luck at bergner 's .
my parents also shop there the most .
there are kiosks in the aisle .
i do n't use frequent these much .
during the holidays , there is usually gift wrapping and an angel tree .
carousel rides have doubled in price .
bathrooms are always nasty .
do they purposely hire anti - social custodians ?
they do n't know their head from their ass .
it 's so rare to have that kind of experience any more .
we really appreciate it !
if you go to.the.contractor counter and try.and get.served.good luck .
 _num_ people behind counter but i couldnt get waited on .
they always s have what i 'm looking for .
i 'm still horrified !
please do not believe the shop assistants in this store !
well , we are in europe now after paying _num_ $ for this bed .
 - second disgraceful lie and best ... they offer us a _num_ % off on a new pump but ... they are not able to ship anything outside usa !
today is saturday 9/27 and i have not heard from anyone .
i feel like i am not a very valued customer .
fyi ... forget to say ... .
i am a `` _num_ '' !
i plan to go to ivey 's for any future car needs .
ivey 's quality of work is superb and i can recommend him wihtout hesitation .
however , do n't let its appearance fool you .
he definitely knows what he is doing and is very good at it .
totally recommend .
prices are very reasonable .
great service , the guys are awesome .
many restaurants and businesses within walking distance , making this a convenient location .
clean as a whistle .
i am very pleased with this hotel .
i definitely feel like i got my money 's worth .
here 's what i liked : - it 's a real bargain .
 - they offer free breakfast , but be warned : it 's carb overload .
but still , it 's a nice touch .
and here 's what i did n't love : - the rooms still feel cheap even with the updates .
but hey , you get what you pay for .
 - it 's really easy to hear every little thing outside the room .
get ready to hear everything in the hallway and outside at the pool .
it is next to many restaurants and a mall and easy access to uiuc .
i prefer non carpeted rooms .
the continental breakfast is nothing but carbs .
everything smells like stale hairspray and old smoke .
the rooms are quaint and clean .
a king bed is $ _num_ more than two beds .
have you ever tried to sleep with your mate in a double bed ?
thank you for a nice stay .
hey , i 'm pretty easy to please when it comes to business travel .
that 's not a huge deal though .
then i read about a previous issue bedbugs , as we drove into town .
it looks like an airport meets target .
i do n't know how better to describe it .
walls are stucco - textured .
yes , please !
i would stay here again , rooms are very nice and up - to - date .
better than most chain pizza , it 's ok .
it also has a really friendly , laid - back atmosphere .
i love monicals .
always good to have some `` hometown taste '' when visiting .
i love monicals and you ca n't beat the family deal .
formidwextern pizza , monicals is hands down my favorite .
also watch out for their coupons in the mail .
i eat here occasionally because it is by my work .
i swear we did not do anything to make her mad .
i nearly always grab carry - out .
they really need to work out the parking situation .
this is my least favorite location in champaign .
i prefer to drive to the location in tolono .
the mozzarella sticks were okay .
monical 's has always been around , as long as i can remember .
pizza is average , thin crust in little squares that is pretty soggy .
the family pleaser is what we always get .
which just adds an iceburg lettuce salad and soft drinks to a pizza order .
to me , having eaten here during my graduate school days .
this monical person is only really good at making average pizza .
and it comes with _num_ toppings for under $ _num_ .
i can not believe monicals gets such low ratings .
they have the best thin crust i 've ever tasted .
and yes , do put the french dressing on the za !
my favorite pizza place when i come to visit my family up this way .
