and more unbelievably the pizza served was missing a portion .
 `` the oven ate it '' - according to the waitress .
reasonably priced .
could n't be more happy with their service either .
they could use a fork upgrade , but the rice was nice .
i got the garlic chicken with vegetables with lo mein .
paid over $ _num_ and it was pretty greasy and just very underwhelming .
i walked in and briefly fingered coats , feeling lost and confused .
 `` have you spent a winter here before ? '' 
she asked , eyeing my confused expression .
 `` uh ... no , '' i admitted .
 `` i just moved here from southern california .
she demanded instantly .
i shouted .
then we got down to coat - shopping .
checked champaign surplus and the price was exactly the same !
so i took the _num_ 's .
i lost my receipt .
prior to this they were a north face , mountain hardwear , patagonia mill .
what a pleasant surprise this store was !
i was also hoping that as a surplus store they 'd carry more gear .
hubby found a cute cap here for our upcoming cold - weather trip .
went there today .
came here with my boyfriend to get some new hiking shoes .
i told him i was n't in the habit of saving receipts for socks .
he told me he could n't exchange them .
it was worth the drive .
i used to be afraid of this place as a closed - minded junior .
but i gave it a shot one day and wow .
anyway , plenty of other bars that would be happy to have my money .
if i were closer i would probably go more often .
i was really looking forward to hearing alexander spin some spooky music last night .
packed .
the bartender was amazing .
it made my night .
the show area was cool too .
the sound was great , the artist was better .
i danced my butt off , and i had a blast .
she discovered that i had prism , which was the cause of my headache .
i went to illini eye care before but they did not test for that .
highly recommended .
still , i found frames that i really liked and i 'm pretty picky .
good products , but very , very limited selection compared to their catalog .
to which , i said nothing ... but thought plenty i probably do not want to have a conversation with you about anything .
i went to do - it - best today for the first time .
i expected do - it - best to be small , stuffy , and overpriced .
i was wrong !
low - keyed , extraordinarily well stocked , highly organized , very clean , good prices .
thought it was just a paint store from the signage .
but the more i went , the less they seemed to want me there .
recently i found myself in a bit of a hair rut .
even if you like contemporary to unique , they got it down .
i was a little bit worried because i saw his hands shaking a bit ?
at the end , i was very pleased with my hair .
it was a nice distraction to have around : ) when i walked in for my appointment i was a little surprised .
someone immediately took my coat and amy introduced herself right away .
she decided on color and went to work .
both times , it was doug .
i pictured myself ending up with a mohawk , or a gigantic japanese - style quiff .
i recently moved to chicago after graduating from u of i this spring .
i just got out of my hair appointment about _num_ min .
ago , and i could n't be happier .
my stylist was amy , who was very friendly , relaxed , and confident .
they were always happy to have me there .
quality of work : * i have never dyed my hair here , only had hair cuts .
he took his time cutting it and was very thorough .
jake was amazing , skilled and friendly .
i was impressed and readily recommended the salon to everyone i knew .
not to mention , my hair was cut after it was dried and curled .
i was throughly disappointed .
jake was the person that cut my hair and he was awesome .
just got my devacut with doug last week .
we ended my cut with a hug .
much more down - to - earth than one might expect from the downtown vibe .
doug ended up completely butchering my hair .
also , the salon was a sauna !
the other stylists stared and awkwardly eavesdropped while i was getting my hair cut .
overall , it was a really horrible experience .
kate cut my curly hair and completely , utterly butchered it .
it literally was meant to destroy my appearance .
dealing with ippatsu was a joy from start to finish !
doug was wonderful .
i brought along a bag of the products i use .
doug spent 1 - 1/2 hours with me .
 : ) in truth , the experience was great !
he seemed very knowledgable .
jake was these two things combined .
but i finally found it !
amy did an amazing job !
i really enjoyed my overall experience at ippatsu salon .
i liked the decoration and water was available in the waiting area .
it was a comfortable temperature and was a pleasant place to be .
i got there a bit early and my appointment started on time .
amy was friendly and seemed very knowledgable .
johnathon was friendly , enthusiastic , and did a fantastic job !
i would highly recommend johnathon and ippatsu to anyone who asks !
 : - ) i saw amy for a hair cut .
i had long curly hair that was weighed down and damaged .
i would say it is the best haircut i have ever had !
she listens and gave me the look i was going for .
enough said .
i did n't realize either time until i got to work .
done with this mcd 's .
i had the number one .
the coke from the fountain was fine .
my first mcdonald when i got to america .
the second time i went was a tuesday night .
so the service was great , right ?
drinks took literally _num_ minutes .
then my buddy got his blue moon draft in a plastic cup .
went here wednesday night with a friend .
we sat outside and the outside area is really nice .
we ordered the nachos and my friend really liked them .
overall it was a nice place to sit outside and visit with friends .
it was not crowded at all .
i went for the dollar beer again and met a friend for dinner .
i had the grilled chicken buffalo wrap .
the homemade potato chips that they served with the wrap were excellent .
plenty of tv 's that put a premium on illini sports .
she was always polite and very conscious of any discomfort .
never heard or experienced any thing like that before .
the crow they said would cost _num_ .
i went here for their new customer cleaning discount .
i made the appointment last week .
i showed up _num_ minutes before my 2 : 00 o'clock appointment as requested .
i left .
judging by the other reviews here , i clearly dodged a bullet .
they also cooked the vegetables up fresh for you .
i was able to have a fulfilling meal and take some home for later .
just same things fried in same sauce .
i did not get them at panda express at the mall .
after completing my order they legitimately offered me something that was unavailable .
i ordered a two entree orange chicken ( my fave ) with white rice .
she asked if i wanted to wait or get something else .
being that i only drink diet soda , it meant must go without .
i got water instead .
it was kinda vinegary .
on saturday , they had free pizza for comic book day .
and a guy dressed up as iron man .
but i was disappointed when i stopped by to check it out .
and not very densely stocked .
i noticed a few cool indie comics , including paping .
i really like trade paperbacks/graphic novels and the selection was pretty limited .
however , for anything else i would n't count on it .
or drawn & quarterly .
so many more comics could fit into this store .
there could be so much more awesomeness going on here !
boys , girls , challenged , gifted .
service was laid back , friendly , and helpful .
would certainly recommend and return .
extremely friendly staff helped kids pick out a few free comic books .
we 'll be back - they just made us new customers .
i purchased a viola here in february for _num_ months same as cash .
the person argued with me and altimately refused my payment .
my experience was different .
this place rocked .
i never would have known about it except through word of mouth .
it was kind of offensive , but whatever .
recently i visited a handful of international food stores in champaign , il .
far east market was the most impressive among them .
their produce selection was incredible .
there was a variety of mushrooms .
it could be interesting fruit , seafood , packaged goodies , etc .
my sister nodded in agreement and gave a funny look .
i bought produce and drove it home to chicago .
i went in once and lasted less than _num_ minutes .
it was filthy and smelled so rotten i wanted to vomit .
my sister went there yesterday to pick up some noodles .
rate it _num_ because its like the only asian grocery store in town .
i was grinning so hard when i finally made it here .
it was so funny thinking back on these reviews as i was checking out .
like , i was expecting something revolting .
i found my nuoc mam , chili oil , and fresh lemongrass .
i would avoid the meat .
and i would avoid the produce .
just left the store , great employees .
produce was awesome !
got a durian today .
taking a close a look at the ingredients before buying would help .
they just put expired food at the most obvious place on the shelf .
i saw a young lady helping another customer and asked her .
headed towards the cashier and realized i 'd left my store coupon home .
here i was , willing to spend .
would not do again .
= ) they did n't charge for any of this either .
adjustments , i was extremely satisfied .
my visit with the optometrist 's office in lenscrafters was very pleasant .
next , i stopped by their shop to select new frames .
i settled on a pair of everyday glasses and sunglasses .
i walked out of lenscrafters feeling fairly positive about the whole transaction ... ... until today .
was there something weird about the lenses ?
did they stop manufacturing the type of frames i chose ?
he literally saved the day for me .
now this seemed insane since my frames somehow got lenses in them inititally .
her excuse was that my frames were to `` beat up '' .
i scheduled an appointment , then received a call the day before the appointment .
so i rescheduled the appointment for 3 : 20 .
again , the day before the appointment i received another call .
this time i did not reschedule .
when i asked to speak with manager , she was not taking calls .
what really impressed me was the amount of starter instruments for kids .
i was told they will only price match their own webiste .
store review : pros : large selection of toys cons : higher than average prices hidden deals : sign up for a tru credit card to earn cash back on purchases we had our travel system picked after much research/trial .
we wasted all the time we had on that and got nothing else done .
canned mushrooms ?
and the clumps were cold .
too bad they would n't let me though .
so i canceled the ordered and kept on walking .
mind you , he had no idea what i had already paid !
okay , i did n't get the mushrooms .
but i thought the food here was terrific .
i just had the stuffed pizza , on special for a ridiculously low price .
i made the mistake of stopping by on and ordering a pizza there .
it took like _num_ minutes ( which is to be expected ) .
did i forget to mention that there is a cat in the store ?
i was very emotional and the staff was very understanding .
they were able to set her leg and send her home very quickly .
each time we went back , they were very loving and compassionate .
i brought my dog in after she pulled out some stitches .
the original surgery itself was n't much more than that !
but they knew they had me cornered , and they ran with it , they also charged just shy of $ _num_ to clean the wound ( ! ) 
 , but gave us back a dog that was covered in blood .
this was not by any means my first experience at the aec .
they could care less about your pet .
i called ahead and they were ready and waiting .
one day i thought my dog have injested something poisonous .
i found the aspca poison control number .
she ended up needing surgery to remove her eye .
upon checkout , i received excellent discharge instructions .
they also called within the week to check on her again .
helped my guy with urine in his crystals a few months ago .
once again their friendly service came to the rescue !
the store where she got rejected !
the clerk was staring at me like i was some kind of a kleptomaniac .
the shop was just okay for me .
well made fabrics , that will last many years with amazing style .
i gulped back shame as i reached for the doorknob to leave .
that night it smelled like someone had been smoking in a flowery meadow .
also , some other indian guy accidentally barged in my room .
we waited too long to book and this was all we could find .
the sheets in the bed looked clean but they were very worn .
i decided to skip a morning shower .
i just did n't want to touch anything in there .
the lobby was under construction and the staff was very pleasant .
i screamed , my boyfriend squished it with a napkin .
we booked the room through priceline , only paid $ _num_ for room .
it was so gross !
 ( of course my hubby would point out they had old tvs too . ) 
my hubby called to say he could n't stay there .
he went next door to la quinta for $ _num_ .
because i booked through priceline i was not allowed a refund .
room size and cleanliness were acceptable and so was was the continental breakfast .
the room smell made the stay uncomfortable .
i was n't completely pleased with how quickly everything grew back ... grrrr .
i went to kane & co twice to get my hair done .
not to mention , her scissors were not sharp .
ursa cut my hair ( she 's new to the salon ) .
she did a fantastic job !
i felt like she really cared and is a very talented stylist .
i would go back !
i went in to see jillanna back in march and had a fabulous experience .
carly did a lovely job on my hair .
ursa always did an amazing job and i ca n't recommend her enough .
it took me _num_ years of college to find this place .
in fact , it was awful .
i reluctantly accepted the response and scheduled my appointment .
i reluctantly paid the $ _num_ and left .
they talked on the phone the next day and he was extremely rude .
i finally found my perfect salon !
i wanted to cut my hair short and she really catered to my needs .
i just came in today for the first time and saw jenn .
today she did a partial foil , using both high and low lights .
it really brightened things up without going over the top .
so happy to of found the perfect hair stylist for me !
i was a walk in and they were great !
the staff was very friendly , and the price was great .
when my stylist johnathon moved here from another salon i happily followed !
they said they had no record of my appointment being made .
some got it close but others would always fall short of my expectations .
went there after seeing so many five star reviews on yelp .
and the second visit totally ruined my hair .
after a few months , i gave a second try .
i totally obeyed their stylist recommendation and this time was even worse !
not recommended .
then she blow - dried and curled my hair for me and it looked amazing .
i would definitely see her for another dye appointment !
came here for a drastic haircut today and loved it !
i had a bad experience the first time cutting my hair at the salon .
danielle took care of all of my waxing needs .
melissa did a wonderful job !
she got my requests spot on , preserving my hairstyle .
loved my color and cut .
i went here to find out about wedding dress alterations .
i would not recommend .
the alterations took about a week .
i also found her rude , unwilling to answer questions .
she actually did alterations for my wedding dress and it was perfect .
they did a good job on taking in the skirts and hemming .
however i did think that they were a bit pricey .
and she still managed it !
kay jewelers was one of those times .
i said i saw what i wanted online and could they order it ?
i even had a business card and she gave a weird look .
she did n't know the warranty plans when i asked her .
even sold the wrong size ring to us after we tried it on .
could have been one of those days ... consumer beware i live in coffee shops .
i would give it _num_ 1/2 stars if i could give half - stars .
i lived in champaign - urbana for nine years .
kopi was my favorite .
relaxed laid - back atmosphere , cool music , friendly service .
i really liked this place .
i tried the pesto turkey panini which was fabulous .
i ended up sitting at a very uncomfortable table .
but studying - towards the back would be better .
luckily someone left and i grabbed a different table .
its super dim and crowded ambiance rubbed me a little the wrong way .
however , every single table was taken by some student !
i also was n't too impressed with the snicker - doodles that we ordered .
kopi was a random choice & it fits my purposes perfectly !
i would recommend this place to others .
needs filtered water ?
the espresso 's also not as good as it could be .
if only we could combine aroma cafe and cafe kopi .
then downtown champaign would finally have the perfect coffee house .
come on , dude .
i used to live basically upstairs and this was my go to spot .
thankfully by reference of a patient of mine i was referred to kopi .
the drinks themselves were rich and delicious .
i really would want to avoid this place because of the service .
first of all , it was sweltering outside and i ordered iced mochas .
although i would love a _num_ .
highly recommended .
cafe kopi did not disappoint !
we all finished off with some sweets .
i came here with a friend hearing good things .
i had the mango italian soda .
last friday i visited with my daughter who lives in champaign .
you guessed it , coffee !
it was pretty warm so i had their iced vanilla latte .
i had their iced ginger cookies and they were really good .
what kind of place would ever serve a latte in a tumbler ?
for the listed reasons , the latte was given zero stars .
i had some time to kill a couple times in champaign .
i tried this place and also cafe aroma .
both were nice but i definitely would go back to cafe kopi .
the food was really delicious and the coffee was excellent too .
the atmosphere was very pleasant and the people seemed good - natured .
located this place on yelp and stopped for lunch .
we ordered a sandwich and a coffee , which both were great .
everything i ordered was suggested to me by the man taking my order .
the turkey sandwich he suggested was absolutely delicious .
wish i lived closer so that i could come here more often !
once i had an oreo brownie here , and it was beyond terrible .
the owner and staff could not be friendlier !
i could honestly work here for hours at a time .
this coffee shop got me through college .
when i first started going there , they served beer and wine .
it was amazing .
and i used to work at a coffee shop in chicago .
i thoroughly enjoyed it as i read my book on this quiet sunday morning .
it was definitely a nice option for those that are not mocha lovers . ) 
about that straight espresso though ... the barista clearly had no idea what she was doing .
was looking for a good espresso while driving through , found it here .
would go again when in the area .
i thoroughly enjoyed my time at cafe kopi .
i was there on a tuesday afternoon for a couple of hours .
internet speeds were great and the food was fantastic .
i ordered a turkey and swiss from the sandwich menu .
the art was beautiful and the atmosphere was on point .
upon entering , i was definitely feeling the relaxing vibe .
i could definitely see myself studying here if i went to school here .
it was quiet , chill , and clean .
another thing i liked .
unfortunately , neither barista greeted us , even after eye contact .
and there were five of us .
immediately overwhelmed by the ` oh - you 're - not - a - hipster - like - us ? '
ordering was as pleasant as the barista 's demeanor , what a surprise .
/ sarcasm opted for the cafe late , which turned out to be delicious !
was n't too hot , was n't too cold .
fresh made food items and great coffee also .
i had the goat cheese sandwich with pesto on side .
friend had the brie/turkey sandwich and said also very good .
well done .
staff was friendly and my drink came out quickly .
not burnt like some places .
not a word , and i even gave them a tip !
it was great that they open late ( until midnight ) on most days .
hands down my favorite cafe to get work done .
just stopped in for a cappuccino and a little dessert after a big dinner .
cappuccino was also perfectly acceptable and hit the spot .
i ordered a latte with almond milk .
i ordered a red tea latte , which was really delicious !
my only complaint was that the place was a little crammed !
but i had very high expectations going in , so overall wonderful ( : my favorite coffee in town .
it was fresh , light and tasty .
man was i disappointed by my experience here .
it was .
so i said , `` do you think it 's the machine ?
could you type it in or run it again ?
the woman said `` no i do n't need to run it again .
your card was rejected .
highly recommended !
i eagerly awaited my delicious delectables with my clown fish table marker in tow .
back on track , it eerily resembled the white chocolate mocha at starbucks .
spot on resembled it , which is n't bad .
i was expecting something unique and bold just like the cafe kopi .
though i loved everything else - service , patrons , atmosphere and yummy food .
had a delicious light lunch after the champaign historical walking tour in april .
and that was the first real live cream soda that i 've ever had .
that was amazing !
once i came here extremely sick and i kept coughing .
met a colleague here for a meeting , and it was the perfect spot .
free wifi with no password required .
they also had plenty of seating .
i was just there and saw a sale sign for an ott - lite .
the sign said _num_ watt on sale for _num_ regular _num_ - great deal .
however , it rang up as _num_ .
i brought him the sign and he reluctantly called the manager .
i love this store , this was my first time there on a sunday .
the service was very friendly and quick and so was the check out .
also bought some fabric for a very good price .
my last visit was for some material for a table cloth .
the person cutting the fabric was very nice and the check out was fast .
i was in and out in less than _num_ minutes .
saved me a bunch of money !
i burned my tongue eating it but i could n't stop myself : ) .
most importantly , our waiter was awesome .
he was friendly , engaging and ultimately really helpful .
i loved me some nitaya .
he made a reference to `` pedagogy of teh oppressed . '' 
almost everything was well over $ _num_ per meal , even the staple stuff .
you fucked it up ! '' 
i really enjoyed the pad thai from this place .
i ordered the spiciness level at american hot .
it was amazing - just on the verge of being too spicy for me .
the tom kah was fairly good .
first off , our waiter only understood about _num_ % of what we said .
he checked with the chef and came back and verified my suspicions .
he did n't understand and sent the manager over .
wanted thai while on champaign for work .
tried this place and it was good but very small portions .
after the disappointing crab rangoon , i was served my chicken pad kee mao .
i ordered it spicy .
it was n't really bad but it just was n't great either .
i did however enjoy the ambience and the comfy booths .
we ate tonight at nitaya , and our food was excellent .
i had the pineapple chicken curry and my wife had a modified number _num_ .
we had potstickers for an appetizer and sticky rice and mango for dessert .
the service was great and no problems with english understanding him or us .
first we went for the lunch special and had green curry .
the curry was savory and creamy .
i had the padthai , which was excellent .
this was the must disgusting restaurant i have eaten at in years .
we ordered the dumplings and they arrived freezer cold .
ok , could have lived with that .
green curry arrived with hair in both the rice and the curry dish .
next up was going to the bathroom .
my husband and i went there and i ordered the pad thai .
i took a couple bites and noticed a hair in it .
i was obviously disgusted and i told the waiter .
i said i could n't eat it and he turned and left .
he ran away because he did n't want to deal with it .
i tried to get his attention but he was ignoring us !
the sauce was almost creamy .
they did n't do that or even try .
i ordered the pad - see - ew and was glad the chicken resembled chicken .
four years ago i mistakenly ordered hot and it burned twice !
reasonably priced & great food !
that said , this place was great .
the setting was fun , service was great , mango sticky rice was fantastic .
had a lunch special and spring roll for appetizer .
forgot the name of the lunch special .
it was a stir - fried meat and vegetable dish with rice .
it was too oily for me .
thank to the lunch special the price was not expensive .
i did have a small problem with the service .
we had to approach her to ask for whatever we needed .
besides that , it was okay .
it was the first place i had thai .
ordered mock duck curry and mussamun curry .
both seemed very oily and extremely watery .
the consistency of the curry was just not there .
potato in the curry tasted like it was canned .
this was the worst thai food i 've ever had !
they used canned mango for my mango and sticky rice dessert .
the chicken stays were microwaved .
this experience was very disappointing .
the older woman who started to serve me was not very nice at all .
the thai iced tea was delicious !
my friends ' dishes looked delicious as well .
they did n't seem to have many servers working .
i felt like it was a little expensive for what i got .
the girl at the counter was polite and friendly .
she helped me select a delicious meal .
food : i felt both soup and curry to be very watery .
the curry was good a lot of curry not a lot of shrimp .
but again the flavors of not the consistency were in point .
refused to refund fraud charges !
me and my friend were double charged on our credit cards !
but when i came in she would n't refund me !
she told me i should have handled it that night .
i had to dispute it from the credit card company .
the food was n't even good : ( update : after _num_ months the credit card issue was resolved .
then , my boyfriend got food poisoning for the first time in years .
i called the owner to inform her and ask for a refund .
the conversation with the owner was unbelievable , laughable at best .
she demanded to know what else we ate .
and if he was allergic to anything he ordered .
she was defensive , argumentative , and inappropriate .
at one point she hung up on me !
no complaints and if you want great thai food ... go here ordered delivery with grubhub on a friday afternoon .
delivery was much faster than expected .
the rangoons were underwhelming .
they tasted good but appeared to be seriously lacking any crab .
my pad thai beef was very good .
it had a semi - sweet , nutty flavor and blended together quite well .
the beef seemed to be of decent quality , and tender .
the portion was fairly large , too .
my other issue was the fairly high cost .
overall , the food was good but i felt very high priced .
i did n't have any major problems .
they had a quick and friendly maintenance staff .
people might know this because their apartments fill up fast .
lived in _num_ e white st , champaign for half a year .
signing with jsm was a pleasant , hassle - free experience .
this underlined for me that they are not in the business of deception .
move - in was a breeze .
it was a rental miracle .
and one just crawled into my blender !
after this incident i checked my electric water boiler .
and that was only a notification for construction on my own apartment .
did you contact us about all the floors above us getting hammered to bits ?
if you did , you would n't have done this .
would you personally have consented to this ?
the water was black after multiple passes .
jsm staggered the floors so that there is perpetual construction for a semester .
today i got my apartment back .
construction started on march _num_ , _num_ .
jsm left me in the dust .
i talked to a lawyer yesterday .
its honestly such a disappointment because i loved jsm .
i could n't stop raving about you guys to my friends .
they allegedly sent in a cleaning crew ... thanks ?
the couch ( theirs ) was singularly horrible .
throughout construction it managed to absorb every fleck of dust and debris .
everything i touched ... my hand came up gray .
oh right , because everyone would see what you 're really like .
i did n't even get a notification about the showing either .
you did n't see the huge pitfalls of this landlord .
i was also charged for floor cleaning .
after i touched roach shit !
if this rating were solely for their manners , jsm would receive 6/5 stars .
there were even roaches in my stove .
i almost drank a roach that had crawled into my water boiler .
i was reading a guide on reddit for getting rid of roaches .
i could n't believe this guy thought he had it bad .
jsm came to my building weekly to clean the laundry area and hallways .
everything was ok after move in although the furnishings were dated and quite worn .
considering it was college living we let a lot of things slide .
the apartment itself was disgusting ' !
i fell sick the first week .
when i first came in the filters were dirty and disgusting !
by far the worst place i ever loved at in my life .
so i went to see dr. gu .
highly recommended !
yes , they were the original killer - beer - selection place before there was a blind pig .
i finally ventured past the delicious burgers and tried the elaine 's salad .
the buffalo wings were decent , but not fantastic .
you could say we 're regulars .
not loaded with smelly college kids either !
fresh brewed iced tea always nice .
 _num_ ) the food was absolutely delicious .
tried farren 's out for the first time last night and wow .
the burgers were a bit pricey but quality was very good .
the service is straight forward , rapid and no - questions asked cooperative .
the suffix `` feel '' was a little generous , i thought .
chipped paint on the walls .
given all this , the $ _num_ entrees on the specials menu were surprising .
to top it off , service was poor .
everyone seemed nice , but improbably busy with things that did n't involve customers .
the kobe beef burger was probably the best burger i 've ever had .
it was so tender and juicy .
it was hard to taste much the rest of the day .
i would suggest a fountain drink or a beer .
service was friendly and astonishingly quick .
salad came back in probably under _num_ minutes from the time i ordered it .
so that was good .
and the salad tasted great .
the salad looked horrible .
and the pink dressing on top of it did n't help .
so seven of us gave it a try for lunch today .
cauliflour was a bit underfried .
wings were ok .
obviously come here for the burger !
my burger came with a side of tortilla chips for around $ _num_ .
we were able to sample a beer before ordering .
i got to say the service is exceptional though .
to be honest , i was a little disappointed .
i had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific .
onion rings and chips were all great .
service was very good .
never had a bad meal since then , though .
i could eat one every day if i could afford it .
grilled onions and mushroom , drizzled with a heafty ranch dressing .
not watered down like some places .
i liked this place .
i loved the fries .
it might help shed some illumination as to why : `` farren 's !
* beer consumed * `` ooh , menu !
fried portabello - battered , deep - fried and served with ranch ?
and the immense discomfort of feeling like i could possibly literally explode .
how did i spend $ _num_ at farren 's ?
i thought we split checks that night ... oh ... we did . '' 
i also decided to splurge and get the fresh - made potato chips .
the staff was friendly and the food came out fast .
they were warm and the truffle salt was genius on these chips .
so , went here on a busy saturday night .
for burgers that cost around $ _num_ , i would expect a lot more .
hidden gem of c - u .
the siblings and i came here to visit after they arrived in town .
i did n't eat anything tonight as i 'd eaten earlier .
they all had fabulous food .
i shot photos of most all the food .
there was two salads a black bean veggie burger and a mother load burger .
there was fresh cut fries and chips .
everybody loved the food , the atmosphere , and drinks .
the burgers were just as good as i remembered .
ate here early sep - 12 .
had n't been in over a year .
why did i wait so long ?
got the russell burger and it was delish .
got chips and salsa instead of fries .
so they got the good beer covered .
recommended !
i enjoyed their veggie burger .
it came with a cajun remoulade - yum !
they had a decent selection of drinks ( wine , beers , spirits ) .
i almost missed it !
we had a green chile cheese burger and a mushroom swiss cheese burger .
got the chipotle bison burger .
finally went here after hearing how good it was .
overall , i was pleased .
i got a bacon burger with bleu cheese crumbles .
i found it odd that the default side is tortilla chips .
it was fresh - tasting and not too spicy .
they had about _num_ beers on tap and a healthy list of bottles .
prices were n't too bad either .
i tried it twice , it underwhelmed on both occasions .
will definitely come back whoa , mama , was that a delicious burger .
that 's ok , he had spunk .
a little place tucked away in an alley ?
i went here with a group of friends on a friday night .
the fries were delicious . ) 
 , but we had no problems still getting our correct checks .
the burger was really good .
the service was n't good .
went on a friday night in october with my sister .
had a burger that was covered in pulled pork , bacon , and cheese .
my sister had a chicken pesto wrap thing that was also fresh and yummy .
service was slow .
and what came next is what made me determined not to visit any again .
we tried the fried ravioli which were served on a bed of wilting lettuce .
i would like another . '' 
they were great .
served , as i recall , with a very tasty salad .
about the service - it was lunch time .
came here on a packed saturday night with a group of _num_ people .
we were seated after a good 20 - minute wait .
it was probably an hour between us entering the door and getting our food .
what were they thinking ?
so , we turned and left .
was n't quite the same , but it was still very tasty .
fresh cut potatoes fried in canola oil ... yes please !
the patty was very thick and juicy , and the buns were fantastic .
i was desperate to try this place .
the host was warm and welcomed us in .
there was some sort of roux sauce on the side that was equally phenomenal .
neither of these were so great .
they were a bit gamey .
service : i found the service to be good .
other comments : definitely recommended to visit at least once .
service was great , very attentive even if they were swamped .
the waiters were knowledgeable and friendly , but not overbearing .
pretty much upon entry i was congratulated for finding the place .
this salad was sooo good .
always considered one of the best luncheon spots in downtown champaign .
glad i finally got to try this place .
the burger did n't disappoint .
got the spicoli .
it was so flavorful !
the burger was perfectly cooked too ( generous amount ... ) .
i was so full .
got the fries ( you pay extra for these ) .
the fries were good too .
amazing burgers , had once would go again except the wait was pretty long .
solid place based purely on service .
the last time i was there the food was good but really slow .
our party left without being served .
i detected some truffle flavor which i turn a nose on .
the standard side of tortilla chips was pretty decent as well .
i counted only a couple servers but they were great and helpful .
well , the rumor was certainly confirmed .
everyone ordered a burger and we got the homemade chips for an appetizer .
these were good and a pretty large portion too .
the burger itself was large and very well put together .
french fries were really tasty , too !
kobe burger cooked to chefs liking was perfect .
the burgers and hand cut fries are amazing .
i would honestly pay double for the burger and still be happy .
the burger and fries i had at this place were delicious !
fantastic food , enjoyed the small resturant over big chain .
service was good as well .
waited said they were just voted one of the best burger joints in town .
the burger i had at this joint was amazing .
it was a terribly crowded feeling .
we had the fire burger and the russell burger .
everyone got their food in about _num_ minutes .
i ordered the veggie burger and the homemade chips .
i ate everything on my plate .
the food and service was exceptional .
i ordered a strawberry salad and it was phenomenal .
nice atmosphere , the food was typical american pub grub .
you might lie to yourself and say you will only eat half .
out server was super nice and very stylish to boot .
i had a motherload .
and oh it was .
i hit the jackpot .
i ordered it.medium rare .
it was a.dry juiceless burger.well done for sure .
pretty well hidden , overlooked , but absolutely wonderful .
it quickly became a favorite for me and the guys .
i had the regular with blue cheese sauce !
it was delicious !
as good as advertised .
burger was great , and the service was friendly .
since i love burgers , he suggested that we go to farren 's .
i was so surprised when we walked up to the building .
there was a short line when we came in .
i ordered the spicoli without mushrooms and added the blue cheese topping .
the burger was very good , but needed more bacon .
they were a tad bit overcooked .
the floor just felt oily underneath my feet .
the bathroom was ick .
and worn .
all of them rocked !
they were huge , fresh and juicy .
we got fries with them and could not come close to finishing it all .
the fries were really good too , not too greasy or salty .
the guys working there were all super friendly and casual .
wonderful food , fantastic laid back service ... .
last night , i had the veggie burger .
i was sure to ask for all the extra fixings .
even so , they were still a little skimpy on the tomato .
beef lovers would give this place _num_ stars easily .
so , the lady 's sister hit a car in a parking lot somewhere .
so , it took _num_ months but i finally gave farren 's another shot .
we walked in and asked for a table for two .
i was astounded at her attitude .
the bacon cheeseburger was the best burger i 've ever had .
fries and soup were also very yummy .
they could at the very least greet their customers and let them know the wait time .
even after we were seated it took forever to get something to drink ( even after ordering drinks it took over _num_ minutes ) .
it was fine , i guess , but why is it so expensive ?
i had the ` spicoli ' .
completely overrated .
the bun was dry , and cold .
farren 's did not disappoint !
i had the `` russell . '' 
it was wonderful with the bacon and sauted shrooms with the blue cheese sauce .
my wife had a the standard bacon cheeseburger with american .
it was very flavorful and just the right amount of peppery !
everything was exceptional !
the food was good , but not spectacular .
i got the russell burger with fries .
the fries were pretty good .
and my friend got the onion rings which were on point .
i would come back at not peak hours .
plenty of drinks , and my soft drink got refilled post haste .
i asked to return it and bring a well done .
when they brought another one it still was pink !
after our lunch both of us felt really bad .
and our stomachs felt sick !
definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place i asked to return it and bring a well done .
when they brought another one it still was pink !
after our lunch both of us felt really bad .
and our stomachs felt sick !
solid burger , always cooked appropriately and always delicious .
the buffalo wings were amazing - crunchy , juicy , and meaty !
the house made bleu cheese we legit too !
our waiter was awesome and kept it real !
he recommended the russell burger which did not disappoint .
had the fire burger medium rare at lunch today with fries .
not to spicy for me , and i could have doubled the peppers .
before 11 : 45 this place had a line at the door to be seated .
substituted the chips for fries and the $ _num_ was worth it .
portion size was big .
always checked up on the table .
good food and relaxed atmosphere !
had the russell burger with onion rings .
husband had the same burger with fries .
food was excellent and service was fast .
both were big portions and filling , but mediocre quality meat and produce .
i really liked the burgers and the truffled chips were awesome , however ... she grabbed some menus brought them the table sat them down and walked away .
never said a word never put down her phone .
apparently the phone conversation was more important than the customer .
returned at suggestion of in - laws .
mostly empty , but _num_ minutes until we were sat .
burger was great , fries were good and serving size was large .
the blue cheese tasted like ranch .
similar burger and fries at murphys would be half that price .
when you just need some red meat , come here for a yummy burger !
ordered coffee and server was going to add sugar/cream .
oh boy was i excited !
the place was pretty clean .
i got a double scoop in a waffle cone for about $ _num_ .
the ham was just awful and there was way too much cheese .
they got my business from ine of their competitors simpky by being so nice .
no bike rack , so brought bike in .
did not allow it and could not offer an alternative location .
they served us quickly and with a smile .
they even offered us some free donuts since they were about to close .
i was pleasantly surprised at such great service this late at night !
they said it would be a week .
i gave yong 's a delicate shirt to repair .
we discussed the repair and what i did n't want them to do .
my shirt was ruined and it could n't be undone !
unlike the poster below i did n't find them particularly polite or apologetic .
yong 's revived my favorite pair of skinny corduroy pants !
nuf said had my greek letters embroidered on a couple of my own personal items .
paintings and candles accent a ceiling painted with grapevines .
highly recommended .
even the clientele was less offensive than average .
they also wont accomodate any dietary restricitions .
i heard that this restaurant is closing soon .
so my coworkers and i went to try it out .
they joined in and kept up !
i had the eggplant napoleon and it was deeelish !
i used to love the great impasta .
it was my restaurant of choice .
if there was a night out to be had , it started here !
however , as time went on , the food quality slowly started to slip .
they stopped warming the bread before bringing it to the table .
the service started getting harder to find .
i loved this place in the beginning , but sadly had to say farewell .
i thought i 'd give the impasta another try .
they were lifeless , unappealing and bland .
as we left , we were stopped .
they used to have good , homey , tasty food .
of course , we expected a small piece of freshly cooked tuna .
my stomach did n't thank me .
my friend barely touched her salad , and returned it uneaten .
the staff behaved as if nothing was wrong .
my husband and i went with our families who were helping us move in .
when we arrived , we were promptly seated at our reserved table .
how was the food we actually ordered ?
my mother ordered the salmon , which came rare .
he told her `` it 's supposed to be that way . '' 
you could n't pay me to go back .
i had the chance to eat here over dad 's weekend this past fall .
the food was overpriced for the level of quality .
update - finally went to the new lincoln square mall location .
i recommended the place to my friends and we went there for dinner yesterday .
my friend and i had the saffron risotto and it was horrible .
it was n't creamy , in fact , it was soupy and bland .
the shrimp was overcooked and tough .
worse , i could n't even taste a hint of saffron .
needless to say we were not impressed .
another friend had the mushroom and asparagus linguine with prosciutto .
the pasta was of an unappetizing soft texture and the dish was overly greasy .
the prosciutto tasted more like salted pork .
their only redeeming feature was the crab cake appetizer .
i would go back , but get one of their good salads instead .
anyway , i decided upon the great impostor , er , impasta .
service was slow and perfunctory .
the meal started with bread , olive oil , and cheese for the dipping .
the oil seemed decent enough but the cheese was not parmigiano reggiano .
i ordered a glass of the house chianti , which was drinkable .
for my appetizer , i chose the sausage in crust .
the sausage was unremarkable and under - seasoned and the crust was bone dry .
the small side of greens was nicely dressed but rather limp .
the olives appeared to be sliced black olives from a can .
the linguine was cut so short that it defied twirling on the fork .
i indulged myself with dessert on this special holiday .
the latter was fine , the former was nothing special .
took _num_ minute for a waitress to come to our table .
it was n't even a waitress ... the hostess was the one who helped us .
took _num_ minutes to get our food after we ordered .
spent _num_ hours in the place ... was n't even crowded .
food was good that is about it .
we asked for a discount and what did we get ... _num_ % .
we saved _num_ dollars after spending _num_ hours of our time there .
had dinner there .
my friend ordered a daily special which contained salmon .
the salmon tasted very good - cooked just enough .
i had a chicken pasta .
it was okay .
i spent more than twenty dollar in total for my meal .
food was amazing and service was exceptional .
i went there today based on yelp reviews .
i dropped the car off and walked to golden harbor .
they just needed to be cleaned !
it was not spicy and i had pepper jack cheese on it .
the chipolte sauce did not have any flavor at all .
i could taste the bread over everything else .
i stooped in on my way home on a mon .
the place was empty .
i ordered a tuna sub .
the nice guy behind the counter told me they were out of tuna salad .
he said the manager had n't ordered a supply truck for the week .
i ordered a `` specialty , '' a bmt .
i got it home and sat down to eat .
clean and eugenia was very nice .
they were out of grilled chicken but there plenty of sandwiches to choose from .
maybe if it were slightly bigger it could carry more ... um , were we in the same plato 's closet ?
most of the stuff looked pretty cheap and teenybopperish to me .
i used to hate plato 's closet .
i found a good navy p coat though for next to nothin though .
they were clean and really professional .
i thought that everybody was really cool and professional .
the price was extremely fair , and i tipped him obscenely to compensate .
he said this repeatedly throughout the conversation .
he just spent half an hour being kind of elitist .
the whole attitude was bizarre .
he confirmed that he was just talking about pre - nazi german swastikas .
i would n't dream of going anywhere else .
otherwise , loved the vibe of the place .
looked through the tattoos while there , very creative and inventive pieces .
i would definitely go here again ( for my next tattoo ) !
i went here to get an industrial piercing .
the guy who did it was really nice .
several months later i figured it was time to put the bar in .
it was a little hard to do , but i loved it .
that was pretty disappointing to hear .
i just did n't have the best experience .
dustin took care of us .
he was friendly and did an awesome job on my friend and me .
i saw him do a tattoo on another friend .
went here to finish off my triple helix piercing .
he redid that one and was not understanding where i actually wanted the piercing .
by this time i was done .
my husband & i did a walk in .
it was my very first tattoo , he was not pressuring at all .
he walked me through the steps .
it was very very cool .
we would definitely return .
i just walked in and he was able to do it quickly .
my most recent was done by michael t hastings .
i went to new life for my first tattoo based on the high reviews .
someone told me this place has the best white russians in town .
the rose bowl is a dusty , hole - in - the - wall bar that nonetheless has charm .
the first time was so yummy i was ecstatic for the second .
i loved moonstruck !
i really missed having a chocolate cafe around when i left champaign .
that seemed kind of sudden !
that was my favorite date place ever !
meh ) , but you left us too soon , moonstruck .
and your logo was cute .
loved those bub 's balls and happy hour euker games .
my favorite college bar and i did n't even go to college there .
most surfaces were wet .
everything is sticky honestly i would never go back to this bar .
i might just have the secretary of state bill you for my next one .
i used the bathroom and found there was no soap !
i elected not to order any food and left to go eat somewhere else .
it was always uber crowded on tuesdays and the music was always great !
wine night always meant a good time ( read : blacked - out drunkenness ) .
the themed parties were entertaining .
and there was absolutely enough room to dance at all times .
i just went back for a visit , and they redid the place .
seriously , i was impressed .
i probably would have given it a _num_ .
hey , my 19th birthday was wine night .
we did n't see any .
ok , so i went here on a busier night .
they have , however , added more tables , which is a plus .
cover could be a bit high for a college bar .
might as well just let people sleep there .
3 : 37 pm - the cook just came out and punched me in the neck .
* turned out i knew him from high school .
apparently the barista went to high school with us too .
* the drink specials are pretty awesome , especially tues and thurs * the bartenders are cool , until a ton of people show up * nice crowd , though it can get packed this bar closed down in _num_ for renovation and reopened in spring _num_ .
but its clich done right .
there were several floors ; three to be exact from what i remember .
the thing that struck me were the floors .
about two hours inside the club , the floors got really slippery .
that was my bad , whoops .
one suggested clybourne .
no big lunch crowd made me wonder about the food and service .
well , both were great .
youngsters who ca n't handle their overpriced watered - down liquor _num_ .
bottom line : seemed to be more upscale than other bars in the area .
; ) used to go their a lot because of the diversity of crowd .
of course , i was in grad school and not an undergrad .
i found the whole demographics off in this place .
oh man , how my friends and i loved that .
this location used to be a tiny little mom - n - pop grocery/convenience store .
they always had good music playing in it too .
i was amazed how much can fit in the store .
i bought a block my freshman year .
they even gave me a free rental on my birthday !
highly recommended .
my mom and i rented the whole 6 - vhs ( i know ! ) 
we ran to the car and hightailed it over to that 's rentertainment .
if it were n't for that alone i would n't come back .
the employees were incredibly rude and were just standing in the ladies room .
joes was a really fun place to go ... when i was _num_ .
they were young tho .
given the choice , i would choose other bars over joe 's .
my friends came here to get burgers so i waited outside with them .
the waitress , i know not her name , was incredibly rude and inattentive .
nobody tipped , and the food was lukewarm by the time she served us .
we had to hound her to even pay for the meals .
hardly anyone was in the bar .
we had been served by a girl with an illini scarf and was awesome .
another girl took over .
we ordered a diet with vodka , a coors light and _num_ joes brew .
what we received was a coke and jack and _num_ coors light .
service was horrible from the start .
we waited for an eternity just to get menus .
only _num_ waters came out , before the best _num_ .
all of our burgers came out at different times .
i got the california burger with onions rings .
only thing worth anything was their perfect onion rings .
i thought they 'd replace the deal with something else other than can bud - a - ritas ... if you really want to try this place come for half off burgers .
we came on a friday and got a pitcher of shandy for $ _num_ .
also , i really liked the fries !
my niece enjoyed her `` gatorade '' which looked pretty good .
despite the frigid temps , the entire place was rockin ' !
food was pretty good , loved the mac and cheese as an upgrade .
however today 's visit had a special friend attend with us .
spotted a cockroach crawling on the wall .
i had the craziest adventure of my life at this establishment .
my first experience with joe 's was late on a weekend .
farren 's was my favorite burger until i tried the ragin ' cajun .
i was n't even drunk and this meal was like a religious experience .
finally got to stop in for lunch !
who knew this place had such great lunch !
dance floor is all right , music selection could be much better .
nice staff and reasonable prices , what more could a girl ask for ?
erin was very nice , and we chatted the whole time .
so , i went and was told i 'd be seeing debbie .
i did n't know what to expect , but she was great .
i liked my experience there so much that i 've gone back several times .
the stylist , aly , was incredibly nice and friendly .
she listened to what i wanted and then preformed an excellent haircut .
i was happy to find out that donna trained at aveda and came here .
i had the peanut butter cookie ( awesome ! ) 
i tried the double chocolate chip , chocolate chip walnut and chocolate chunk .
the chocolate chunk was by far the best of the three .
there was a lot of choco chunks and they were still a little gooey .
i was n't that big of a fan of the chocolate chip walnut .
the double choco cookie was fine .
overall : i would definitely come back .
my husband loved the buttercream sandwiches .
i lived here my freshman year , and it definitely was n't my favorite .
as an engineer , i had 8 : 00 calculus most mornings .
i lived at bromley hall my freshman and sophomore years .
but the killing blow came when they got rid of the mol burrito .
they replaced it with a rather disgusting bbq burrito that pales in comparison .
also pretty much identical to chipotle , which might be slightly better .
and my lettuce was rotten , wilted and brown .
my order was simple - all i wanted was burrito , without the meat .
and got there on time .
i waited _num_ minutes and no one ever showed up to open the shop .
they did a great job both grooming/washing my dog and trimming her nails .
just went into this shop for the first time yesterday .
great selection of items and the owner seemed like a genuinely really nice guy .
i ended up buying an item and he was even willing to barter .
highly recommended .
i also had my sewing machine fixed up there .
i gave this place _num_ chances before firing them as my dentist .
my dental insurance did n't cover such expenses .
convinced me i needed a cap , i did n't .
convinced me i had a new cavity every six months .
she had her room decorated and very homey looking .
i loved this place !
charlotte and dr. colin were great .
then , dr. colin came in .
i was flabbergasted .
it would greatly behoove dr. colin to learn an iota of compassion and understanding .
they also had n't sorted out things with my insurance company .
my first visit i went for normal x - ray and cleaning covered by insurance .
the hygienist spent her time and did an outstanding job .
i told her that i my insurance was to covere this visit _num_ % .
got the filling then went to check out with `` d '' .
she of course proceeds to charge me as if that phone called never happened .
i came in thinking i had a cavity or two .
i left with the great news of `` you have _num_ cavities ! '' 
so i said yes .
got a second opinion at a reputable , family dentist office .
no braces needed .
going to have records transferred elsewhere .
going to have records transferred elsewhere .
she made this clear _num_ times .
anyway she got manipulated into the fluoride treatment .
then they did the cleaning .
i said i am here for the free cleaning !
it felt very cozy and welcoming , which is a great feature .
the food was very good !
i ordered a vegetarian stir - fried noodle dish and was totally happy with my selection .
i ate it because i was hungry .
i got the spicy eggplant in black bean sauce and mixed vegetables with noodles .
there was hardly any flavor .
the other dish had no flavor really .
the crab rangoon were good though a little too cream cheesy .
it was reasonably priced .
like i said , i was hungry .
you were expecting gourmet dining ?
the kitchen had lost our order .
to apologize , the manager brought out a free appetizer and entree .
on top of that he waived the entire cost of the meal .
however , i enjoyed my first dining experience couple days ago .
rainbow garden had a nice oriental ambiance .
the lunch special was a very reasonable price ranging between $ 5 - $ _num_ .
i ordered a jajangmyeon and tangsuyuk for takeout .
prices were comparable to what i would pay back home near chicago .
the portions were pretty decent as well .
taste - wise the jajangmyeon was good , but not as good as back home .
the tangsuyuk was nicely fried and cripsy .
i went here on a tuesday afternoon at about 5 pm .
it went smooth enough though , and my order came fast , within minutes .
i probably could have done better at home .
was packed like sardines tonight .
i liked it enough .
i got chicken eggplant last time i went and it was amazing .
food took no time to get to us .
i recently got this for delivery which was very quick .
we started with sechuan wontons which were tasty and inexpensive .
he also had beef lo mein that was pretty tasty .
i also appreciated that they only used white meat chicken .
the general 's chicken seemed to have poorer quality chicken then usual .
perhaps this was just an off night .
and complained about trivial things .
we went for a quick lunch .
hot and sour soup and crab rangoons were pretty good .
cons : we did n't enjoy the garlic chicken too much .
we actually brought it home thinking that we would possibly eat it later .
we ended up tossing it .
did n't compare at all to what we can get a home .
if all were of this quality , i would go for chinese more often .
that was extremely rude and i was quite offended by it .
i ordered the jajang myun , which is the black bean noodles .
it came with a loads of seafood , beef , and vegetables .
we also got the sweet fried beef , which was also very tasty .
i was very pleased with those dishes , especially my black bean noodles .
i had the spicy chicken with basil , which was very good .
i was a bit apprehensive about getting _num_ per order .
many mentioned the portions were large here .
went with white coworkers for lunch a few times .
food was greasy as hell .
i ate it with my chopsticks .
i got the garlic battered shrimp with cashews which was good - 3.5 / 5 .
my boyfriend got the tofu stir fry with mushrooms and it was disappointing .
i would say a 2/5 .
i would be back for the walnut shrimp or the garlic shrimp .
the tofu stir fry was $ _num_ .
i placed my order for carry out .
the woman taking my order over the phone was very friendly .
she gave me a _num_ minute wait time .
it was ready when i got there .
the food was so delicious !
everyone was happy with all .
our favorite dish was the crab rangoon appetizer .
when this place opened it was more under - the - radar .
it became a bit generic .
i stopped going here last week because * the beer tastes watered - down and the food is ridiculously bland and over - priced .
i used to think it was a one - star .
lastly , i ordered the gazpacho .
it was bad .
it was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers .
i hated this place .
i arrived and found a seat outside , so as to smoke .
i paid $ _num_ for two bottles of pbr at this point .
we left after the bar tender insulted my friend .
and did i mention crowded ?
it used to be .
odd bathroom set up .
would go again ... mostly for convenience .
the questions were perfect for our group of _num_ .
sat out side and had a cilantro , lime & chicken crisper .
overall had a pretty good taste .
great food , great drinks , great sound engineer , ( he even gave me a wireless mic ! ) 
but we went here for a friend 's birthday and i was thoroughly impressed .
the staff was welcoming , kind and understood exactly what we wanted .
my margarita tasted like orange juice ... no hint of a margarita : ( .
the nachos were just average mostly goopy .
the service also was quite friendly , attentive and spot on .
if based on patio and beverages alone ... well , would definitely rank higher .
i went to cowboy monkey on sunday for trivia night .
i also had the quesadilla , which was a tri - cheese quesadilla .
it tasted like a quesadilla you could make at home , nothing special .
i went to cowboy monkey with some friends for their sunday night trivia .
we left and went somewhere that appreciates our business .
bartender was super rude .
waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap .
menu listed regular beers on tap that were n't .
she said she was n't a beer drinker .
then told us every beer was an ipa .
after googling the names , i figured out she was n't correct .
we hung in there and i ordered a beer .
hubby gave up and ordered scotch .
then the chips and `` salsa '' arrived .
it was n't salsa ... it was watery pico de gallo .
we used to go when they had their home nearby on green st .
i noticed a lot of produce was gone , and shelves were semi - bare .
 , but they sold us a whole bagful of rotten purple yams !
we got home and started preparing them before we figured it out .
this small market was a huge surprise to me .
i bought daikon radish here .
they were out of it at far east .
i would like to repurpose the little bottles and fit them with corks .
paul and i also walked out with a 20 lb bag of rice .
we were told it will be sticky rice .
i was able to find the green tea that i was craving here .
with some upgrades , this one could be a winner .
it was pretty cheap .
the rooms were updated and clean - comfy bed , down comforter .
parking kind of sucked .
so it constantly sounded like there was crazy wind outside .
i had a decent experience overall .
i went with this place for location .
the toiletries were surprisingly bath and body works .
this place was ok for champagne - urbana .
stayed here for my cousins wedding .
the bathroom was tiny and the dressing/grooming mirror was out in the main room .
there seemed to be a lot of exterior noise as well .
slept _num_ comfortably .
i could n't hear any noise from other rooms or the hallway .
free wi - fi that was pretty fast , and no password was required .
lobby was clean and attractive .
i was worried when i read some of the old reviews .
our group had our own breakout room so we could take our food there .
there was a lot of staff at breakfast and they kept everything well stocked .
and they were very friendly .
i definitely would choose to stay here .
i never got dropped .
i could always sign on .
this was a first pick via the flying service here at local airport .
was convenient to find , about _num_ miles from the airport .
i would stay again , likely .
well done .
found super gross spots on the sheet under the pillows .
when we checked out , we inadvertently left some clothes in the drawers .
some of these were new & never before worn .
when i packed up to leave i forgot the things in the drawer !
i called the hotel .
arrived at 6 : 30 pm .
rooms not ready , manager rude and did not offer any sort of concession .
stayed here multiple times .
granted it was homecoming weekend but this place was pretty filthy .
the common areas were really filthy .
rented a `` suite '' .
bathroom was _num_ x _num_ tops .
large room space just laid out terribly .
the free breakfast was the only saving grace .
it was tremendous !
i was in the market for a new pair of running shoes .
i happened to be in the mall .
to which ... i said , `` no .
i went in , knowing exactly what i wanted .
just come on by ... .
he did n't .
it was like i was invisible , y' all .
i walked over .
all their sales associate were walking around without doing anything useful for the customers .
i was waiting someone to help me with some pick - up stuff .
the associates saw me waiting but just walking towards the other way .
they just pretended they did n't see you .
the outer layers were dry .
when i was little , i loved when we got bread from great harvest .
i had always assumed they were a local business .
i would love to see some sprouted and gluten - free options .
i got their turkey sandwich , which was nothing special but still good .
the staff was friendly and really helpful too .
the flavor of the ham was really good and everything was fresh and crisp .
the bread was a little stiff but that did n't bother me .
i chose some cinnamon bread that was very good .
like their freshly baked goods .
bought a almond vanilla swirl .
it was a saturday night , when the bar is super crowded .
the greek one was a disaster .
it was supposed to have sausage , but i could n't taste any .
the vegetarian one , although being the better one , was kind of juicy .
but these ones , well , you heard me .
relaxed and laid back .
she had been to esquire before and said the burgers were good .
i had the chicken tender sandwich with fries , and it was fabulous .
everything a fried chicken finger sandwich could be .
i enjoyed sitting outside and watching the people walk by .
and she loved that they had fat tire on tap .
overall , i would definitely recommend this place .
i had the greatest experience at esquire .
our food was delicious , came hot , and was inexpensive .
it was a wonderful experience .
but it went to terrible after yesterday .
i went with two friends to have some drinks and pizza .
she basically wanted to know why we would want such a thing .
she ignored us and stalked off , returning with our money shortly thereafter .
the dude listened to us and in short said , `` too bad !
the bartenders called the guy a cab and made sure he got home okay .
the beer selection was surprisingly good .
the food was pretty good as well .
i had a simple cheeseburger and fries .
and i almost forgot , free peanuts ! ) 
 , got cheap drinks , and just had a relaxing low - key night .
welp , we found all of that , and some , at esquire .
oh , and did i mention they have free peanuts ?
did i mention the most reasonable drink prices around ?
i only went there once but i really liked it .
i got a burger which was pretty good and reasonably priced .
i sat outside and it was just a really comfortable place to be .
everyone there was friendly and just relaxing .
the draft beer selection was ok .
neither one was that great .
the staff was super friendly and great with the kids .
the price was also right .
every single visit to the esquire , i received unfriendly , uninviting service .
i tried the steak garden salad and the meat was cooked to perfection .
i would not put esquire on that list .
i was told the burgers were good .
the strips were nearly tasteless .
my wife had the wings .
these things had enough salt to turn lake michigan into a salt lake .
they were awful .
i would not go back at all .
came to this place to end the night after celebrating a friend 's birthday .
shared fries , fried potstickers , pizza and chicken tenders .
the food was decent .
either that or i was starving - probably the latter .
the server was a bit pushy and had an attitude .
after we ate , we played a few rounds of pool .
i was stunned and asked my friends what was going on .
from how she was acting you would 've thought someone had gotten killed .
turns out my friend forgot to pay for pool .
she was out her damn mind yelling at us like she was crazy !
the way this woman acted was completely rude and unprofessional .
wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
i came here with my mom and sister to grab some food on sunday .
it seemed to be the only place open .
the salmon only cost $ _num_ and it was a fairly big portion .
the servers were nice but the atmosphere was too load .
good food , great prices - nice relaxed atmosphere .
just got back from a great party at esquire .
the food was fantastic !
you know , an acceptable environment within which to get your drank on .
i grew up in this bar , much like jackie h 's review .
my parents originally met here .
though these are baked , not fried and battered like most .
the pizza was pretty decent - thin crust .
we ordered the hawaiian although we substituted bbq sauce for regular pizza tomato sauce .
i ordered the burger the first time and a hot dog the second .
got ta admit that the name of the place belies what 's actually inside .
my burger and fried mushroom meal came out to be $ _num_ .
this was very tasty !
had it during lunch time when it 's not too busy .
came on a friday night and it was really packed .
came here after , .
 , jessica was excellent bartender .
service was super fast .
salad was surprisingly fresh ( and only $ _num_ ! ) 
pizza was great .
throwing peanuts on the ground was fun .
it looked dmn good !
so on saturday i ordered one - - - sausage cheese and mushrooms .
sorry i did ' t tip him ... but the female waitress had me shocked !
last night was in there for dinner .
the lady again asked `` what do you want ? '' 
so , we settled on esquire .
i went with medium rare .
did you want a pitcher of pnls , because you can get it here !
the food was average , nothing like what the other reviews here say .
we visited due to the outstanding yelp reviews , but were extremely disappointed .
ten years into champaign and i never really visited until last year .
however , i was pleasantly surprised .
just for that , i upped my star to four .
this was always one of my favorite bars in downtown champaign .
yelp took it down , though i have no idea why .
that 's it , nuff said !
i got a magnificent large pizza for only $ _num_ .
and it was huuuuge .
i had a mustard base sauce pizza that was awesome !
i loved it .
nowhere else could i go for this pizza .
had a fantastic late saturday evening here .
this allowed me to get a large smoked salmon pizza for $ _num_ .
while it might not sound like a great combination , this pizza was fantastic .
drinks were n't expensive , and overall there was a good selection .
the service was ok , but the atmosphere and food were n't anything special .
we also had a long wait to get a table and food .
come here for some pizza before and after a night of drinking .
man was i surprised by the excellent food and great service !
we had to learn that the hard way .
my girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me .
luckily we got seats at the bar .
we just had to wear our coats throughout dinner .
we said no and assumed she would bring us the check .
but did n't and we sat there for like _num_ more minutes .
had to grab her attention and then ask for the check .
fun place with friends last night we thought we 'd try jupiter 's .
the pizza however was only okay .
the pizza was pretty good .
we moved to ca and can not find anything even close !
nuff said .
i was surprised that i had n't heard much about it before .
i tried the pesto margarita personal size pizza and i loved it .
the service was good , very unintrusive , which was nice .
i could even imagine studying here as a treat to myself .
i would have given jupiter 's _num_ or _num_ stars for the pizza .
if you want a drink or play pool , then it would get 5/5 .
went with kids so we are just checking out their arcade games .
came here after a wedding reception , in need of some grub .
it was fairly tasty .
she seemed annoyed i brought this up .
i bought and paid for one beer .
i get home and they had charged me _num_ dollars .
would have been nice to know before they did it .
wise choice , it was perfection .
my family loved the atmosphere , design , food , and staff .
either way , it made the pizza just taste mediocre .
this was cardboard crust pizza .
the service was just okay ; our server was n't the most attentive .
the pizza was good , but could 've used more toppings .
overall , a little pricey but fun for the kids and grown ups .
jupiter 's was always a favorite when going out .
relaxed .
but was charged over $ _num_ .
i was in town for an event and decided to grab a quick bite .
went here on a tues. night about 6 : 20 pm .
got a booth by the kitchen , very dark .
ordered a house salad w / no cucumbers & no croutons .
salad came w / a mountain of cheese .
menu did not say anything about cheese .
salad # _num_ came out with no onions .
i specifically asked for onions .
trying to flag down my server was difficult .
i told her to take it off my bill .
pizza came , it was ok , but crust was tough .
they did good .
 : d mariah took care of us and everything went smoothly .
the staff was also super friendly .
they lost my plates in the mail .
i finally contacted the state of illinois dmv and no paperwork has been submitted !
there was a little bit of a wait but no more than 10 - 15 minutes .
so i went to the cost cuttery by green and neil .
i had stephanie cut my hair .
she was friendly and gave me a pretty good hair cut quickly .
there was no wash or style but i saved myself about $ _num_ .
i would go back for a cut again .
i loved this place from the moment i walked in .
stephanie was great , she took my information and promptly helped me .
not only all of that , but the haircut was great !
and with so many places i was n't sure where to go .
however it was such a disappointment .
my haircut was cut by a very young lady seems like apprentice .
apartment was tiny .
what happened ?
i had the _num_ course tasting flight tonight at bacaro and it was incredible .
this place was a bit of a disappointment for me .
i definitely would n't go back here , but it was an interesting experience .
the first course , a shrimp bruschetta , was amazing .
it had a wonderful spicy and tangy flavor accented with some unexpected mint leaves .
unfortunately , the main course left much to be desired .
my companion 's lobster ravioli was well executed , but bland .
however , my cavatappi was nearly inexcusable .
dessert was an ice cream sandwich made with snickerdoodle cookies .
service was attentive , if a little pretentious .
but everything was overshadowed by the cavatappi .
i used to think it was _num_ .
i ordered duck , which arrived totally well done ( so bizarre ) .
when i complained about it , nothing was done .
i was horrified .
my boyfriend and i decided to share a bunch of dishes .
that was some seriously great food !
had a really awesome special pinot grigio with literally peaches floating around !
it was so great .
expensive food but quite delicious and well presented .
the waitress made a great wine selection to go with our food .
at bacaro we got blown away at how awesome the two desserts were .
waitress was fast , and courteous .
my second dessert trip was also perfect .
they were both perfection .
i was so incredibly disappointed .
when questioned , we were told `` they asked for doubles . '' 
what arrived at the table was a glorified ham and cheese sandwich .
as this would indicate , the menu changes frequently .
third friend had a seafood risotto that was the best of the three entrees .
waiter was nice but new i would guess because he seemed nervous .
she was also miss champaign county at the county fair a few years ago .
the food came in very small portions , but it tasted good .
the $ _num_ pork belly appetizer was smaller than a golf ball .
the waitress was wonderful .
then we had three entrees , all were very good .
my only complaint was the waitress was a complete moron .
i had the veal and it was wonderful .
the menu was confusing , but overall the food was excellent .
our waitress was attentive , but a complete airhead .
the food was a little salty but very original and tasty .
service was a tad slow and not timed well but it was very busy .
it was done tastefully , and with some thought .
i waited for _num_ minutes even though i had a reservation .
my boyfriend took me to bacaro for an amazingly romantic dinner date .
i was impressed with the atmosphere , the knowledgable waitstaff , and flavorful .
i would definitely return .
the menu was very nice .
the service was excellent .
my companion suffered the same fate .
we ended up drinking beer because we could not find anything we liked .
my date secured us a reservation here for valentines day .
server was snooty , bar man was snooty .
crammed seating .
the atmosphere was pleasant and the ambient music was suitable for the occasion .
food was excellent .
 _num_ of us had a fantastic time at this restaurant last night .
the resounding favorite was the octopus appetizer which was tender and flavor - full .
the seared scallops with myers lemon were refreshing and light .
the food was expensive ; the food was good .
three people , three different dishes , and everybody liked theirs .
the malbec we drank with dinner was a nice random choice .
the bad : our waitress was new .
the manhattans were terrible .
i would totally recommend bacaro if you need `` fancy dinner out . '' 
it was really very good .
i loved the goat cheese salad and my rich creamy risotto .
fried sweetbreads were luscious .
my boyfriend 's chicken with chicken liver was delicious .
i rather enjoyed bacaro .
it had a really nice atmosphere , quality food , and good wine .
the pairing was correct and the wine went well with our meals .
but first strike happened right off the bat with the hostess .
no one was at the two tables next to us .
it was awkward all evening being that close to two other tables .
no sugar offered and she was so busy we hated to even bother her .
finally at some point we managed to sneak in the ask .
but why did we have to ask .
so after hem hawing a moment she finally headed to the kitchen to ask .
fortunately , they were able to accept my request .
the dinner started off with an amuse bouche of a tiny square of frittata .
i noticed on the menu that it was $ _num_ and thought hmm ... .
he was stil hungry after he ate it .
the food was interesting , nicely presented , perfectly portioned and delicious !
we finally made time last night .
great atmosphere , dimly lit , very nice .
the octopus was the best i 've ever had .
the gnocchi was incredibly savory .
my husband tried the steak and i had the lamb special .
both were fantastic .
wine was good , not great .
would be nice to have some descriptions in the wine menu .
we did not eat dessert as we were stuffed .
visit _num_ : had halibut with some kind of crust in a mint - gazpacho .
the fish was fresh and of excellent quality .
the gazpacho was also greasy and was not pleasantly minty .
fantastic ingredients but badly executed prep .
three courses all of which were delicious .
my main was halibut again , with some kind of vanilla saffron sauce .
the fish was perfectly cooked and the sauce was complex and homey .
the spaetzle were delicious !
i could eat that spaetzle every day .
the pork however was dry .
it was that dry .
if the food was consistent , bacaro would be an easy 5 - stars .
went here for 1 - year anniversary .
overpriced .
i went there twice last year .
i only gave it five stars because i can only give five stars .
it was a pleasure to have this restaurant available in the middle of illinois .
the scallops and pork were delicious .
it was fantastic .
the other person had the grilled salmon and it was equally good .
i felt decidedly underwhelmed and overcharged .
this place blew my mind it was so good .
i paired it with the wines too .
the wine list was definitely impressive .
the wines paired perfectly with each dish , i was so happy .
about the food ... i was just so impressed .
the rib eye for the main course was flavorful and again very tender .
the cheese course was fun .
and i loved thin very rich slice of chocolate dessert .
to be honest , i was simply amazed at the quality of these dishes .
i thought it was great .
we did n't order entrees just appetizers and salad .
they still sent out an amuse - bouche and sliced baguette with olive oil .
food was excellent and the atmosphere was very warm and pleasant .
portions were reasonable , but not huge .
i ordered duck and my boyfriend ordered the beef fillet .
they were both very good .
we also shared an appetizer , octopus salad .
service was awesome .
i made reservation in the morning .
and it was full at dinner time .
walked across the street to esquire and had dinner again .
we ordered the tasting menu and were not disappointed .
seven courses and all were expertly prepared .
staff was friendly and courteous ... .
i liked the experience at bacaro .
the steak was excellent .
food was excellent but did not have a great experience with waitress .
table of _num_ , we all ordered tasting menu with wine pairings .
water was slow to be refilled .
the pinot noir was delightful and the cab sauv was decent as well .
for dinner , the risotto with rabbit was tasty .
dessert was a red velvet ice cream cake .
it was okay .
i had a lovely anniversary dinner here a few years back .
food was excellent but did not have a great experience with waitress .
table of _num_ , we all ordered tasting menu with wine pairings .
water was slow to be refilled .
based strictly on the menu i was really hoping for a great dinner .
however , i was really disappointed with the our dinner .
my wife had the chicken and i had the ribeye .
my steak was n't very tender or all that flavorful .
her chicken was cooked decently enough but again the flavor was really just average .
the atmosphere and the waiter we had were very nice .
that said , this could be a product of where i sat .
used yelp to find this place and was not disappointed .
very good food and service meant for a great time .
we had an absolutely great meal at bacaros !
we went all vegetarian but the mushrooms , beets , and prizetta were awesome !
wine list was very good .
food was excellent .
service was great .
atmosphere was great .
i wold recommend this to anyone .
i was very pleasantly surprised .
highly recommended .
we were forced to listen to a guest m.d .
it was a very unpleasant dinner .
the soup was also extremely salty .
would highly recommend !
food , wine , presentation and service were exceptional !
and both times the food and wine parings was amazing .
the look of excitement on my wife face was priceless .
like there could be a bad meal from this spot .
done shun a wonderful place to take a date .
over the weekend i took a date here for dinner .
we both had the filet .
it was wonderful !
cooked to perfection , and melted in our mouths .
not to mention , we washed it down with a great cabernet .
i would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys an upscale experience .
we had the pizzetta for an appetizer which has a great combination of flavors !
i also loved the risotto , it was amazing !
the service was excellent .
i came here with my friend when he was visiting from san francisco .
we had their market monday menu since it was monday .
all made fresh , nothing frozen .
i would like to see more variety .
we also had the peas and carrots .
this place would do well in chicago or any other `` foodie '' city .
been here many times before and so had certain expectations .
well tonight things went quite differently .
it was looking like a total disaster .
then rose ( asst mgr ) came to the rescue .
within a few minutes everything was made right .
rose was simply amazing !
well , sweet jesus it was awesome !
last night , we tried the monday market menu : november _num_ _num_ butternut squash cake crispy quinoa , sage , pecans pork terrine braised brussels sprouts , oyster mushrooms , pumpkin vinaigrette cauliflower tortelli brown butter , balsamic , hazelnuts , oregano , parmigiano reggiano smoked turkey breast white bean brioche stuffing , spinach , cranberry gastrique sweet potato creme brulee tonga island vanilla bean , caramelized sugar each dish was prepared and served with care .
our server , kate , was attentive and kind .
did n't knock my socks off .
we decided in the tasting menu and each got the wine pairing .
there were seven courses on the tasting menu , including a dessert .
the atmosphere was great .
i was surprised to find this gem in cu .
our dinner meeting was held at this location .
this cost _num_ dollars and the portion size was very small .
once again the portion size was quite small as you see from my picture .
i ordered a very good glass of riesling .
they brought bread to our table with olive oil .
the bread was very fresh and the oil was high grade .
my husband ordered house made gnocchi that came with pork .
i ordered a ravioli stuffed with bacon and several fresh vegetables .
we did n't order dessert , as we are n't dessert people .
we ate there on a whim a while back .
we walked bye and the place was empty .
so we decided to give it a try rather than our initial option .
staff was very snooty to us because did n't have reservstions .
at first they said they were booked .
again , the place was completley empty .
two tables total seated eating .
after _num_ people and much talking they sat us .
price was very high .
food was average .
service was extremely slow .
the place never got more than half full .
we went for a market monday tasting menu meal with wine pairings .
everything was fabulous from start to finish .
they served an outstanding meal .
i would definitely get the lamb porchetta again and the panna cotta for sure .
the food was incredibly good .
the servers and bartenders were knowledgeable and attentive .
we spent _num_ hours eating our _num_ course meal .
just drank some wine there .
the bartenders were very nice .
truffle fries were so fabulous !
we went for our first anniversary .
we opted for a la carte options .
the food was great .
everything was jam packed with flavor , perfectly cooked , and elegantly presented .
would definitely return for another ` date night ' or special occasion .
it was so thoughtful and sweet !
we each ordered the tasting menu and neither of us were disappointed .
everything we were served was amazing .
everything from the staff to the atmosphere was just simply wonderful .
came here with a friend 's parents ( who were paying ! ) 
and we loved it .
the service was great and the food was amazing .
i just personally could generally not afford to come here as a student .
it was a couple weeks ago since i 've been .
server was evan he was awesome , super knowledgable and cool personality .
we were there _num_ hours .
it was awesome .
i had the best soup i 've ever tasted .
the food was very good but over priced for the market value .
over the experience was great lots of wine to choose from and pleasant atmosphere .
food and service were spot on .
menu was simple yet diverse .
the food , service , and atmosphere were excellent .
we had two pasta dishes off the menu .
the pasta was perfectly cooked and the flavors were excellent .
the starter was the celery soup , which was also excelent .
we paired it with a reasonably priced chianti wine .
i had a pretty good meal here .
to start , i ordered the warm lobster and fennel `` salad . '' 
for my entree , i ordered the duck with polenta and fried mushrooms .
i have to say , this was a pretty excellent dish .
they were crispy and chewy and added great texture and flavor to the dish .
for dessert , we had the donuts and the chocolate truffles on the table .
however , i enjoyed bacaro and would return for a special occasion dinner .
food was amazing .
pricing and portions were more on par with chicago so that was interesting .
this place was top notch .
service was attentive and quick .
food was excellent and presented well .
i went on a date here and absolutely loved it !
i had the lamb once and that was a bit rough , not tender .
dessert menu was very standard .
i used to go [ almost ] every sunday for brunch .
i always found myself staring at the sculptural objects on the walls .
and the tables made with old doors .
did lunch in their new tapas bar today .
our waiter was great , in fact he added to my experience .
then shared a few tapas with my friend .
we had the pita triangles with hummus and the tuna salad sandwich .
the portions were acurately small .
flavor was good but again , nothing special .
i went here for valentine 's day and was slightly disappointed .
we were also seated by the window and the heating was poor .
i also tried the tapas bar recently , which was a slightly better experience .
the salmon skewers with cucumber were perfectly spiced and delectable .
the balsamic fruit with manchego on bread was good as well .
however , the lamb skewers ... they were like meatloaf on a stick .
unfortunately , most of us were underwhelmed with the food .
the mediocre food was made up for by the wonderful decor and overall experience .
i dearly loved this place when i lived in c - u .
they kickstarted a great trend .
downtown champaign would n't be what it is today without radio maria .
we sat across a huge purple bar .
the menu was much different than i remembered .
they offered tapas , which we did n't mind at all .
the best tapas we ordered was the vegetarian paella .
the margarita i ordered was spot on .
not to strong , not to watered down .
radio maria was the first restaurant downtown , and they did a fabulous job .
radio maria was one of the first restaurants in the current resurgence of downtown .
but eventually our food came , and he was very apologetic .
my favorites were the egg plant frittes and the seared scallops .
everything tasted fresh and light - just like breakfast should .
tonight , we finally had dinner at the infamous champaign culinary sensation .
we started off sharing the mezze plate .
pita was pizza dough - y , but buttery too ... strange , in my opinion .
also , i found the couscous bland .
best part was the hummus , which i was wishing they served more of .
for dinner i ordered the crabcakes , which were more like crabballs .
goat cheese potato pancakes were crisp , but lacked seasoning .
more if i had extra aioli .
beau ordered the adobo pork .
like the roughage on my plate , the honey left his chayote - cilantro salad be .
there , i said it .
when my eldest was a baby they had a beautiful vintage deathtrap highchair .
none of our drinks were refilled , and it took forever to order .
our server who i wish i remembered his name was fantastic !
that was _num_ minutes later mind you .
i asked another guy walking by for a glass of water .
it took quite awhile for just the drinks to get delivered .
i took a sip of an incredibly fruity red wine .
sigh ... when the food arrived , it was alright .
it was okay food , just not as tasty as i 've had elsewhere .
the waitress asked if we wanted to see the dessert menu .
we went with the dark chocolate cake .
about _num_ minutes later , we finally got the cake .
what took so long ?
maybe they had to bake the cake after we ordered it ... my friend said the cake tasted like deli meat to her .
it tasted out right burnt to me .
she was sincere , it was just annoying .
i was n't impressed with the food , and somewhat unhappy with the service .
the waitress was apologetic and nice enough about it .
we had n't been in the mood for tapas until we opened the menu .
the waitstaff and service was also very friendly , young and attentive .
but my wife and i had their valentine 's day menu this past weekend .
the food was great , but not for the outrageous cost .
awesome decor - heard that the owner customized everything himself .
when i got it and tasted it : ewwuck .
and tasted like syrup .
it would be different if there was something wrong with it .
but hey , at least i got a better deal at radio maria 's .
the staff used to describe it as a caribbean - polish fusion .
both were very good .
my boyfriend got the eggplant fries .
they were so - so .
a little too greasy and the sauce was too sweet for me .
there seemed to be one server for the entire place .
we sat there forever just waiting to order our food .
i ate every last morsel .
secondly , just about any option could be made vegetarian .
our lovely brunch was reasonably priced as well .
had the chance to visit this restaurant on a sunday night .
the masa boat was a little dry , but the flavors were well - balanced .
i went once for dinner .
the food was good , but unremarkable .
i had the korean hot pot .
it was good , but i was n't expecting it to be sweet .
the portion sizes were also tiny .
the only thing good was the goat cheese .
the biggest issue was that we were served the spanish tortilla omelet refrigerator cold .
the cheesecake was delicious .
i drank orange frescas , and did a lemon drop shot .
i would recommend rm for couples wanting a nice dinner out .
went for brunch and would definitely recommend it .
the beer bread was very tasty .
my meal here was phenomenal .
i got the masa boat surprise .
my wife got the fish tacos .
the masa boat was nothing short of amazing .
the dish also included black beans , yummy potatoes , and salsa .
all were delicious and well presented .
my warm chocolate cake dessert , however , tasted soggy and generally unpleasant .
our server tonight did a thoroughly wonderful job .
the lock was also broken .
holistically , though , i had a great dining experience here .
it was .
the spanish tortilla was burnt .
luckily , the harissa helped cover up the carcinogens .
staff were humans who treated customers as if they were a recognizable species .
meals were fun .
but thankfully this was not the case !
ate here on a visit from seattle and was very impressed .
the gnocchi was outstanding .
wish they had better hours though .
the parking lot attendant was rude .
could n't wait in my car to wait for my friend to arrive .
made me not want to go into the restaurant , so i did n't .
everything i 've had there was suuuuper delicious .
` nuff said .
my first disappointment was in the size of the menu .
i also ordered a small side salad .
the potatoes and chorizo came in an extremely small portions and where bland .
overall i left that place with $ _num_ less and still hungry .
not worth the money and the food was a complete disappointment .
they were both fine .
fried eggplant with balsamic vinegar and honey ... what ?
my friend loved it .
i tried it .
lots of dishes with honey when i was there last .
came here for my birthday .
we ordered a couple glasses of pinot noir and were happy with their selection .
our appetizer , the broiled goat cheese , was amazing .
our scallops were perfectly cooked and seasoned .
i absolutely loved the mousse while my partner preferred the chocolate cake .
overall it was an amazing dinner .
we went for a brunch , and the food was amazing !
my wife had the french toast and something eggy .
the french toast was fabulous .
the cuban was served on a fresh baguette .
the meat was terrific , and so was the bread .
very highly recommended !
i came here for tapas after reading the reviews on yelp .
radio maria did not disappoint !
first off , i loved the atmosphere .
everything i ordered was great , but the potatoes were amazing !
they were crispy and had a delicious flavor because they were hickory smoked .
my husband and i recently ate at radio maria for dinner .
we 'd had sunday brunch and loved it at that time .
in all fairness , it started out wrong .
while he carried on an obvious flirtation/personal conversation with the other employee .
however , the kitchen was very clearly overextended on the graduation saturday .
as for the food , we started with the arancini and garlic shrimp skewers .
the arancini was satisfying though plain , and the shrimp skewers were well done .
as i mentioned , the entrees were good enough to warrant a return trip .
service was a little slow but great food and an interesting atmosphere .
i went with a friend and sat outside .
it was a beautiful night and our server was very personable and helpful .
we got three tapas and an entree and it was all great .
a bunch of people told us to try the plantains .
they were our least favorite .
they were n't bad ... just plain .
they were both excellent .
we had their gnocchi special which was absolutely delicious .
it was definitely worth the trip .
the servers were n't around every minute , but i really did n't mind .
last time i went there , i re - orgasmed over and over again .
anyway , a grad school fav ... on a friday afternoon , i was one of six sitting at the bar .
their drink menu was extensive , but pricey .
the server was personable and ready to provide recommendations though .
the brunch was very tasty and a good value .
the dinner , however , was nothing special .
the service was good .
i would suggest going here for brunch .
i had the brunch and enjoyed it thoroughly .
moral of the story : come here for brunch and not dinner .
lunch on one trip was nothing short of inedible .
dinner one night was nice but over priced .
what happened to this place ?
the food we ordered which was on a nearby table , was also covered .
the manager took no action in remedying the situation .
worse yet , the manager only refunded us the cost of one cheese plate .
i had the vegetarian masa boat on saturday , and it was absolutely delicious .
waiter was very friendly also forgot to mention the interior design of this place was very attractive and comfortable first time at radio maria .
had brunch on a busy sunday .
our waitress was pleasant , attentive , and fast .
i had the smoked pork torta and it was fantastic .
would like to go back again .
holy crap was it delicious !
the vibe was chill and trendy .
had brunch there on sunday with _num_ people .
we loved it .
everything was spectacular .
only downfall - not enough of the potatoes which were incredible !
had the smoked trout omelette which was soooo good .
it did not .
gad - there was so much eye - candy , i had a blast !
from the outside it was n't very impressive .
once inside , we took a seat a the bar .
my first visit to champaign and our host took us here .
went here for brunch with my sisters .
the atmosphere was great !
went there for a late dinner .
ate off the tapas menu ... .
food was the best !
the scallops melted in your mouth !
wine was great ... service was great !
we tried the cheese plate which was outstanding .
i could have just eaten that and been happy .
the marinade was so vinegary , not a smooth flavor at all .
i would not order that again .
the paella was really really good .
the rice part was outstanding and the chicken and seafood were generous and tender .
it was a great meal with the family but very expensive .
ultimately i decided on three stars because the service is decent .
our server was pleasant but seemed bored and/or distracted .
came here one evening for tapas with friends .
i ordered the wild mushroom crostini , smoked pork tacos and sauteed calamari .
my favorite was the wild mushroom crostini .
the sauteed calamari was an interesting dish with a lot of flavor .
my wife and i returned to radio after not having been for several years .
the service was fantastic and the wine list was excellent .
the arancini were nicely done , if slightly overpowered by the breading .
similarly , the scallops were very well done , but were not diver scallops .
it totally overshadowed the crab .
the beignets were huge , which meant they were n't cooked through .
the best dish of the night was the tacos .
we came here for sunday brunch , and ordered _num_ things .
marmalade added a nice kick to it though .
the deep fried house potatoes were delish .
we ordered a few tapas and an entree to share .
my friend decided to order them anyway .
for my last dinner experienced there , i had a tenderloin special .
a blue lit bar , and a spinning wheel of taps .
however , the service we got was unacceptable .
given the prices at the restaurant , we really expected better .
apparently , my 90 + year old grandparents did n't notice it either .
my grandpa also got meat that was not good quality .
it was very tough and he said it was inedible .
my friend and i went here for brunch .
everything was delicious !
i got the caprese omelet , and my friend got the lobster omelet .
the beer bread and potatoes that come with the omelet were so good !
we also tried the mexican coffee .
service was pretty slow , but we were okay with that this time .
i would love to try their lunch and dinner menu as well : ) great food .
the mussels were served in generous proportion .
food was decent - the radio maria torta was the best thing we tried .
desserts here were quite tasty .
the service was incredibly slow .
it took at least an hour to get our food .
we did tapas , so here ' s rundown .
likes fried artichoke hearts arancini ( favorite ! ) 
charcuterie so - so grilled hanger steak salmon raw and roasted apple salad the staff was friendly but not memorable .
some of the items i felt were well - priced ( $ 5 - 8 ) .
 - the pork tacos were also delicious , and obviously slow cooked , very delicious .
the meh : overall : - would definitely return !
very good food , a little pricey but worth it for a nice dinner out food was good , not excellent .
ordered an omelette , eggs benedict , and egg sandwich .
everything was fresh and delicious , large portions .
beer bread was excellent , as were the mango mimosas !
would absolutely go back one of the best restaurants in town .
since i like trying different things , we decided to share _num_ small plates .
mussels : really complex flavorful broth with well cooked and meaty mussels .
the toast they came with was top notch , also .
i loved these .
brunch was delicious !
i enjoyed the scrambler - all components were cooked perfectly .
loved the beer bread .
others in the party recommended the omelets as well .
generous portions , reasonably priced and fun atmosphere .
 _num_ of our _num_ diners ordered it - all had spotless plates .
as a party venue , radio maria was really great .
we had a limited menu with four choices and we all pre - ordered our meals .
i ca n't say as much for the meal - i had smoked ribs .
they were pretty tough , but did have a good taste .
we started off ordering a tapas as our appetizer ... the apple salad .
it was very disappointing .
for pur entrees we ordered the scallops and duck meatloaf .
the duck was unknowingly served with the same exact jam .
we went there a few times .
the service was fine , the atmosphere was okay .
the food was awful .
everything contained way too much garlic .
you could smell and taste the garlic in everything .
went for sunday brunch .
shared some scones , got the `` special '' omelette with chorizo and vegetables .
pros : - the scones rocked .
 - the house potatoes were perfect - - crispy and flavorful .
 - my omelette was far too salty .
visited this restaurant for the first time with my girlfriend due to friend recommendation .
their coffee was not their highlight .
they offered two specials that day : an omelette and a stuffed chili pepper .
we listened to our friendly waiter 's recommendation and ordered one of each .
their baked potatoes that accompanied the core of the meals were phenomenal !
definitely would return to this place next time i am in town .
made the mistake of coming here for brunch homecoming weekend .
the service was incredibly slow .
took over an hour to get two breakfast dishes .
after the wait i was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver .
eggs were over salted and the presentation was not appealing .
food was creative but a bit off the mark : 4/5 .
service was super slow and less than stellar : 2/5 time easily killed by a walk around downtown .
a nice touch , i thought .
so cue another wait ... food : rated from best to worst : what did not work : the goat cheese .
the slice of tomato/avocado combination did n't do anything for me .
but i would n't let that deter you .
pricey for being on a college student budget but delicious nonetheless it was stiff and hard to chew .
we ended up canceling the order .
only had a couple tapas here one time , but they were good .
brunch was awesome though .
fried banana ... french toast !
we almost ordered all the sides !
it was fabulous !
it tasted so good that i finished it all !
had group of _num_ and all had terrific meals .
good mix of fixed menu , tapas and entrees represented ... all were excellent .
this place was out of this world with the creativeness of the appetizers .
we visited on a monday at around 5 : 30 .
the place was nearly empty , which was quite pleasant .
we were not disappointed ; the selection was quite nice .
we got the arancini and the torta maria .
the result was a bit too sweet for a dinner entree .
for dessert we got the bread pudding .
it was a solid if unexciting example of the form .
i had a great experience .
the food and drinks were great .
the ambience was great .
the waitress was very attentive to the party .
sat at the bar with a friend and the bar tender was awesome !
the ambiance was great because it was dark with cool lighting .
it was open late which worked because it 's a quiet town .
today we went and well ... where should i start ?
our waiter was completely aloof .
my steak and poached eggs were not hot when delivered to my table .
we were in before dinner norm hours .
salsa was tasty , pork bland .
i had a boss who was obsessed with this place .
service was excellent .
amazing food , i would recommend the pesto omelette !
also had the on their brunch menu .
the former , beautifully prepared .
but everything else on that plate , including the cornbread slice were lovely .
got the vegetarian paella and fried chickpeas .
neither were as flavorful as i would have expected .
would get the paella again , not the chickpeas .
i had the guava juice , churros , and smoked pork posole .
it hit the spot .
the goat cheese in the dish was delicious !
unfortunately , the service was still very slow after we were seated .
no one came to take our order until we flagged down a waiter ourselves .
food and atmosphere was excellent .
food was good but chorizo lacked flavor and heat in my special omelette .
bloody mary served in a wine glass ?
came in on a sunday with my brother and his wife and young son .
restaurant was very frendly and understanding of nephew wanting to walk around .
however , after being seated , the wait for service was pretty bad .
i did n't feel like messing with that and elected against it .
sadly , i had to remind the waiter _num_ minutes later about my drink .
eventually that food came out .
the food was good .
the migas were crispy because of the cooked in tortilla strips .
it was a good amount of food and very tasty .
all the waiters/waitresses and hosts were extremely friendly and conversational .
kelly , our server , was quick , patient and polite .
i had the lobster omelette and my daughter had the lobster eggs benedict .
came here for tapas with my mom and brother on a sunday night .
we ordered _num_ tapas to split between us .
the service was slow and a bit ... ditsy ... our artisanal cheeses were served with tiny hard pieces of pita bread , weird .
back to the cold pita that was served ... when she brought the pita back , it had been deep fried .
still not sure why this was n't served in the first place ... in summary : service : terrible food : pretty good , despite the fee makes that chef made atmosphere : very nice !
would repeat .
had brunch here and was recommended lobster eggs benedict .
i also tried their caprese omelet and it was too garlicky .
i would n't go there for their brunch .
i came here for brunch on a sunday morning .
the wait was n't too bad for two people close to noon .
decor - great nice atmosphere large bar with lots of choices end point : really really disappointing bloody mary had dinner here a few times .
would definitely recommend this place .
i felt like i was back home in chicago and not a college town .
this restaurant was just add good as the better places at home .
the dishes were original and delicious with fresh ingredients and flavor .
i went for brunch and got the migas dish .
it was very flavorful .
i really liked the table and overall interior decorations - very old - timey and vintage .
i would definitely come again !
i did n't know sunday was brunch only menu bad : service was untimely a gem in champaign !
just got up and walked out on mother 's day .
the food was amazing we had pork tacos !
there was a guy in the corner which started putting on some enticing music !
our bartender was on top of it !
the falafel ended up a little dry and the little leave wraps were sour .
not your typical dried out american falafal .
so why did i give it so many stars ?
the food was actually pretty good and i , at least , left satisfied .
pros : shawarma sandwich was decent .
kefta kabob meat was not bad ( ordered kefta kabob plate ) .
i tried the chicken shawrma sandwich .
it was good !
the flavors were very authentic , not too salty or spicy .
i would n't get it again .
it was not bland and definitely the highlight of my meal .
overall , i was disappointed having spent almost $ .
this place was way worse than what i expected .
no silverware or glassware whatsoever ; everything was disposable .
we ended up paying $ _num_ for _num_ people without any drinks .
honestly , my expectations could n't have been faltered this much .
overpriced for a small portion and bland .
freshness of food and the guy 's dedication to serve quality food impressed me .
the food was incredibly good , i highly recommend the chicken kabob sandwhich .
he made my food to - order , so it took about _num_ mins .
jerusalem was my favorite place to eat the _num_ years i was there .
today brought me to jerusalem middle eastern cuisine .
i waited about _num_ minutes and done , done ; my food was ready .
the beef was very tasty and i loved the sauce .
my criteria for finding a hotel was rather short : cheap .
the room was spacious , and surprisingly quiet .
that made for a pleasant morning of tailgating in late october .
the smell was so bad that it seeped into our clothing .
there was also a cigarette burn in my blanket .
the manager just charged me for one day , but it was horrible !
low price was the main attraction .
manager was sarcastic , toward any complaints .
moved to la quinta next morning .
roadtrip from mn to cincinnati and this was our overnight .
it was clean although the room had a musty/stale smell and damp carpet .
it served it 's purporse for a place to crash .
there was no refrigerator , microwave , or breakfast .
they did have coffee in the lobby and some nice hazelnut creamer .
there was even a bug smashed and stuck on the wall .
we requested one of the newly renovated room and bottom floor .
the staff was real friendly .
overall , the hotel was great for my needs .
 - clean interior ( recently new renovated room ) - clean bedding - great wi - fi - friendly staff cons : - noise from freeway super nice staff and clean basic renovated rooms .
we were traveling with a small trailer and were concerned about safe parking .
my wife and i stayed here after booking it on expedia .
we got the room for a discounted price and expected cheap quality .
the room looked amazing !
they removed their carpet and placed laminated floors so the floor was very clean .
the bed by far though was the best part .
it was a king size with soft and clean feeling sheets .
the mattress was very comfortable and the a/c worked like a dream .
i would definitely stay here again .
the place was affordable and the staff was really nice .
the laminate floors in the rooms were a brilliant idea .
i would definitely stay here again .
room was clean .
no problems , would stay again .
she mumbled us a warning about the pentagon and planes flying over the motel .
great room , recently renovated nicely , new `` hardwood '' floor - - clean !
dirty room , rude staff , overpriced .
also , garbage was overflowing in the breakfast area .
tv was old - not a flat screen .
room was hot .
worst decision you could make !
overall not bad for price paid .
both beds were super comfy and had lots of pillows and towels .
i slept really great both nights .
besides a little air freshening , it would be worth the $ 69/night .
great stay , staff was extremely friendly and helpful .
breakfast had a large selection and was very good .
my mom and i stayed here for _num_ nights .
if i could rate this as a negative _num_ star i would .
the towels were grungy and the toilet barely flushed .
we even had bare wires above our bed as no fixture had been installed .
the reviews on their website did not adequately represent this shit hole !
we stayed only one night here .
we would not visit here again .
i checked in , walked down to my room , and let myself in .
this was an improvement .
on the other hand , it had n't been cleaned from the last occupant .
the elevator was broken , and the tub and toilet were plugged .
did n't dare even try the free breakfast .
also technician accidentally dropped a bunch of chemicals in our yard in a pile .
i called and they claimed i had signed up for their total program .
i appreciated the warm cookies , friendly staff , and comfortable bed .
i would definitely stay here again .
had a romantic experience here in the hottub suite with my husband .
alexander 's was the place to go when you want to celebrate anything .
i would recommend this place .
tasty beef you cook yourself at a large open vented indoor grill .
ive always enjoyed coming here .
its always been decent .
but if it wasnt , i would only have myself to complain to ... i mean , i cooked the damn thing !
the salad bar was very poor .
very limited selection , and the food looked old and wilted .
still , our waitress was never around .
it was mostly bar goers and people sitting around for drinks .
food was n't bad , but it was very under - portioned and ridiculously over priced .
i would call it a man cave .
my wife would not like it !
but i did .
never had a problem with parking .
we were sadly very disappointed .
i ordered my steak medium rare and got it well done .
the steak itself was nothing special and for a fillet it was pretty fatty .
maybe if no upcharge kind of cool but come on .
three times i have eaten here never been dying to go back .
while i cooked my steak i enjoyed the salad bar .
fries were thin in one direction and broad in another .
we had a mixture of filets , ribeyes and sirloins .
the cuts were really good , not outstanding .
beets , bacon and eggs at the salad bar was a huge plus .
skillet cookie was top notch .
the manhattan was terrible .
went here for dinner .
we even had to ask for our check !
the food was awful .
the steaks had no flavor and were chewy .
we had ours cooked .
i would not recommend .
there were _num_ in our party .
we did n't stay .
it was an ok experience .
was it the best food i have ever had ?
the floor was sticky and the table also was sticky .
the disappointing aspect was that the steaks were so bland .
the baked potato was actually really good yet the salad bar was nothing special .
the place seemed okay but was dirty and the lighting was terrible imho .
our waitress was nice and friendly and the service was good from that aspect .
probably would n't go back .
we had reservations and were seated quickly .
we waited another hour for our food .
7 : 15 arrival , nearly _num_ when we got our food .
food was good .
i should have asked the barkeep for some bourbon but lesson learned .
the steak was really tasty regardless the spices or lack there of .
the porter went really well with the skillet cookie we got for desert .
little more pricey then i thought at first .
but would come back .
went back again on tuesday evening .
when my food came to table .
steak was under cook .
never said any word .
the decor made me think it would be much more affordable than it was .
i ordered the shrimp , which came in a huge portion .
i ate 1/2 of the serving and left the rest .
they were gummy and flavorless .
the salad bar was unremarkable , but not bad .
i thought the steaks are overpriced .
i enjoyed cooking my own steak .
a little $ $ $ but it was frantic cut of meet .
we found this place via yelp and were very pleased .
the ribeye i had needed some seasoning cooked to order med but somewhat bland .
other than the two negatives i had a great experience !
i made a reservation for 6 pm .
we all could 've been eating and done by now .
it was just super chaotic and unprofessional .
no you did n't .
i was so livid .
i had not been here for several years .
my meal was $ _num_ for a fillet they cook .
the meat was fine the salad bar was empty there had been _num_ buses .
the place was filthy .
the staff was beyond keeping up .
my bread was burnt my broccoli was cold and like eating a bush .
it took an hour to get our meal .
the waitress was absent .
the popcorn was burnt ... yikes !
had new carpet and wood floors put in my house .
the sales rep was very helpful .
i appreciated that .
when i did commit , she scheduled the installation promptly .
the installers were professional and personable .
she was always available throughout the entire process and afterwards .
i would not hesitate to recommend this business to anyone looking into new flooring .
pros : some good yellow ticket sales , variety of goods cons : no name brand clothes hidden deals : check your receipt for a _num_ % off coupon after survey on one item i still shop here when i come to town to visit family .
 _num_ % off all clearances made amazing deals !
my husband found so many things as well as my sister .
they could so without a few rude employees .
it was .
even the lighting was just nice .
the store was very clean and well stocked .
because that was the thing that was always going to happen .
had to get a lighter last night .
did you know you get carded for lighters these days ?
the girl who cashed me out was not the same one as before .
it all made sense after the first time i went .
my custard was a little too soft and not creamy at all .
i would rather have culvers .
and it was admittedly delicious .
shit never went down like that in california .
indoor seating would be nice on a hot summer day .
cash only brought here by my fiance , a townie .
overpriced and bland .
they all tasted like regular eggy custard .
if i closed my eyes i would n't be able to tell them apart .
this was my first time visiting while down seeing my son at college .
i definitely would like to try their pies next time also .
i brought my new york friends to wait in the lines .
prior to this i was a huge fan of dairy queen .
come here for the lemon custard .
i was lucky in college .
i had friends with cars or i had a car to drive to jarlings .
i would go every day .
i never ordered anything i did n't like .
i highly recommend the strawberry cheesecake with strawberry custard snowstorm boy was i in for a treat .
the portion for was quite large for a small cup too .
we were in champaign for a wedding and stopped here .
had a couple snowstorms .
both were excellent .
they guy that took our order clearly had no clue what he was doing .
even then it took forever for our order to be made .
when they finally got the order up to the window it was already melting .
the snowstorm was smooth and had a rich peanut butter flavor to it .
on the other hand , i ended up literally drinking it .
i was n't impressed .
i recently also visited their danville location .
i got a single scoop of chocolate .
but it was chocolate done right .
loved this place as a kid .
i went _num_ out of the _num_ days i was in town visiting .
needless to say , i polished off both cups of custard each time .
i also tried a small vanilla sundae with their signature cold fudge - wow .
also got ta love the fact that they have a drive - thru !
just went to jarling 's after lunch at yellowfin .
i tried the limited edition cherries jubilee with cold fudge topping .
husband 's chocolate custard with almonds on top was a much better choice .
we did n't wait in line and the service was fine .
very crowded most of the time .
recommed the georgia peach .
i started a new job and was asked if i wanted something from jarlkings .
i ordered the special for simplistic sakes .
i surely could not pick one thing out of all the choices they have .
hands down answer was custard cup cold fudge .
i liked that it tasted like real natural chocolate .
we waited in a line of ~ 15 people for _num_ minutes .
i timed the group in front of us ( _num_ orders ) .
... a little dirt never killed anyone though , right ?
pointers : one dip = one ` scoop , ' two dips = two ` scoops ' snowstorms are comparable to mcflurries they 're seasonal ( closed during the winter ) & min of $ _num_ for credit cards it 's a mom & pop ice cream place .
the milkshake was amazing !
` nuff said .
of the ones i tried , found peach and peppermint to be super yummy !
what was i thinking ?
anyways , i decided to go with the tortoise snowstorm .
it was quickly corrected to a tortoise snow storm .
i also ordered a teddy cup of the cake batter ice cream .
a dip would have been _num_ , but the t cup was _num_ .
i was a bit confused by my snowstorm , to be honest .
it said it was vanilla custard , although it came out looking like chocolate .
for my snowstorm , it was a different color , so i was confused .
i had a bit of his , and it was much better than mine .
the cake batter custard was nothing special , to be honest .
while eating , _num_ wonderlake fire dept trucks pulled on both sides of us .
luckily it was n't too hot and sunny so it was n't crowded .
we just discovered they sell frozen custard cookie sandwiches which are also yummy .
lemon custard really hit the spot for me .
the place definitely had revisit values with their seasonal surprise flavor of the week .
i went with a mint chocolate chip snowstorm and it was the perfect treat .
if you want your frozen custard to stay frozen , come in february .
we had _num_ cups of custard with sauce and _num_ waffle cne .
good stuff , service seemed a bit slow ... .
people who had friends , had them cut in line .
reasonably priced , great tasting custard and sundaes .
pro : inexpensive ice cream `` custard '' , fast service hidden gem : snowstorm card , for every _num_ you buy you get one free stopped at this local favorite while in the c - u area last week .
this left both him and dad with melted custard when they returned .
i personally had a banana split and it was absolutely amazing .
i got the peanut butter cup junior snowstorm custard cup and it was amazing !
the custard seemed to melt relatively fast though .
every time i ordered big one .
the owners could n't care less that there far better ways to do things .
the time would be cut b _num_ % .
made fresh daily .
first time there over the weekend and i ordered a berry delightful snowstorm .
tried a bite of the cold fudge and wow .
perfect place for an evening snack delicious custard prepared in a huge variety of ways .
who knew that cold fudge would be better than the classic hot fudge ?
i spent nearly all of that decade at uni here .
and i just graduated an offspring as well .
heck , i used to walk here from far .
an apparent local institution and tom hanks recommended .
i had a kid sized strawberry with cold fudge and peanuts on top .
that hit the spot !
but it was good !
have only been here once , had the mint cookie snowstorm !
the snowstorm i had was very good .
the atmosphere was very nostalgic of an old ice cream parlor .
the lines were so long many had to wait outside .
waited over an hour on a sunday night around 8 pm .
if it were anywhere else , it would n't be so popular .
today i took my boyfriend to jarling 's because he 'd never been .
it took about _num_ minutes in line before we got to order .
my boyfriend had a brownie snowstorm .
i ordered a fruit cup snow storm , because fruits are healthy .
it had strawberries and banana , could n't taste any other fruit .
by the time , i took picture it had melted .
but still , tasted gooooood .
ended up leaving out of frustration .
i ended up coming here take lunch out .
the chicken itself was prepared well with oil that was fresh .
the service here was also friendly and i had no issues pros : cheap lunchtime meal combos cons : not healthy hidden deals : check out the different meal deals available love this station .
we did not have a good experience there .
i ended up going to arby 's & got served right away .
first , i was in a large group .
the fries had a stale chemical taste .
the root beer float was abysmal .
after finishing my fries , i noticed a small bug walking across the wrapper .
amazingly , worse than i expected .
my food was fine , but the way it was handled was alarming .
my last experience here was my worst .
waited in the drive thru for _num_ minutes as the only car .
if it were only me , i would have laughed and drove away .
that was it .
i used the drive - thru .
the employee that took my order , jasmine , was patient and friendly .
the biscuit and two piece combo was delicious .
pulled up to the window and the order was messed up .
instead of two meals they only had one .
i gave my order again two more times , each time slowly .
and you forgot the lettuce and the tomatoes are tasteless .
we had to walk out without our food .
angela was very diligent in adding the right colors so it matched perfectly !
very poor customer service here , especially displayed by store manager angela .
made exactly as i asked for .
was d'moes .
these guys gladly delivered to me , all the way down there !
well , the driver and my door man both called _num_ times .
maybe he had a slice with us ?
it was pretty darn good .
the pizza was n't horrible , but the deal was awful .
way too greasy , and it was definitely stale , old grease .
ended up throwing half the pizza out because it just tasted so bad .
cheese only was edible , but anything we had with toppings was bad .
but tonight i got something different .
i got a hot sub , bacon and ranch sub .
it he food was so hot that u could n't even touch it .
it was so good ; - ) extremely satisfied with the service and food .
one would think that all domino 's are created equally ... .
not a single smile or hello when we walked in the door .
we felt like we were bothering them .
short and sweet ... received the pizza i ordered correctly , fast and friendly .
the manager hung up on me when i was trying to report an issue .
u could tell the guy who answered the phone was pissed off .
we called in a cheese pizza .
the manager was taking the phone calls and hung up on us multiple times !
would n't give us our total for delivery .
spoke to our awesome delivery driver who said everyone complains about this manager !
duh the pizza was great but this manager should n't work with the public .
filling our order this evening , failed miserably .
when i received my ready to pick up prompt , i drove over .
only pizza was ready .
i waited for wings .
i opened the pizza and it was also incorrect .
kj provided great customer service , so i was not as upset anymore .
i arrived home and the pizza was still wrong .
needless to say our dinner was ruined .
and the pizza was yummy !
it was chicken enchiladas yesterday .
it was great and huge .
i could not finish it .
th fish was over cooked .
found this place on yelp .
i was at a conference at the dept .
of ed .
and saw it was across the street .
saw this on yelp and gave it a try .
the chicken alfredo was a step above fazoli 's quality . ) 
they helped a friend in a time of great stress .
i used this garage on a saturday .
the parking was free that saturday morning .
i was able to find a park right next to the elevator .
i would use this agaon if i cant find street parking .
we were on level _num_ .
lots of angry people were getting out of their cars to investigate .
run from this company !
i played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool .
the music was average , some latin pop/dance stuff .
again , sorry but it was the truth .
had a couple of drinks and left .
did n't even go hang around the under _num_ section downstairs .
just kidding , i would never do that .
we had a blast here !
drank and danced after a suns game for about _num_ hours .
even with our buzz , this place was a bust !
my female best friend and i were in town for the night , road - tripping .
i 'll skip some details here , and make a long story short : i bit my tongue .
saturday night they had like _num_ dollar amfs .
and they had _num_ dollar beers .
seemed like a decent place .
so we left .
the staff was so rude !
1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime fri night .
we came back about _num_ min later .
the place was ghetto and empty .
i had a good time here .
been here over a dozen times , had some good and some bad .
from foam parties to all dressed in white events !
down stairs looked very empty .
upstairs ... oh dear ... it was packed .
a lot of randoms were just sitting and stole some beer from another table .
expired and bad .
replaced with miller high life .
it tasted like horrible meat and was so over - seasoned .
the staff was horrible .
i would never go back to this place again .
do not come here !
there was no cover for ladies but it was $ _num_ for guys .
oh and we came on a saturday night around 11 : 30 for context .
i would give zero stars if it were an option .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
if i did that , i would be living in the alleyway behind tranz .
came here twice on ` goth ' night .
both times the place was dead .
still , the dj played great music and the decor is gorgeous .
what sold me completely ?
the dj played a reeeally good mix of music .
we 'd been there the first week of oct '09 . ]
as we left , we noticed club downtown next door was * still * poppin ' .
__________________________ smoothest `` i got hit on '' moment ever .
ok , so i got my emo/goth rant out of the way .
i went on a friday night ( 10/14/2011 ) .
there was no cover all night for guys and girls .
the dj played hip - hop , top _num_ , good stuff !
mgt seemed inviting and friendly .
enjoyed ourselves because we were so many .
but another line was crossed last night .
two words : overpriced and understaffed .
overall it was cool .
i would highly recommend roger spencer for any of your commercial real estate needs .
he was worth every penny we spent and more !
i would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs a repair .
i took my truck in for a basic oil change .
the clerk was very nice and helpful .
and these guys totally failed .
oh , and the inspection we used a groupon for ?
i spent over $ _num_ on my car at this place since july .
i too had the groupon .
i brought my car in and they checked over the whole car !
my car , unfortunately , had other plans .
we walked in and were helped right away .
my brand new battery was dead .
it had been completely drained !
not more than _num_ minutes later , they had finished !
i was also pretty annoyed by the `` transfer '' of my trusted contact .
so , i started my search for a better option .
i went ahead and purchased the groupon after checking out the business on garagefly.com .
my 30k mile versa had developed an idling problem .
they did a diagnostic and the problem was a misfire on cylinder _num_ .
as it turned out nissan had to replace my engine .
 : ) matt and tim were great .
tim got it all arranged for me and explained everything as he always does .
many shops would just take the opportunity to do the service and charge you .
it had that tell - tale burning smell which was making me nervous .
virginia auto service changed my oil and cleaned up my engine .
did my oil change run a bit more than some $ _num_ special ?
yes , but it was so worth it !
the price was fair and the service was done quickly .
i took my truck to get an oil change and inspection .
robert was super friendly and knowledgeable .
they did a great job and even picked me up from work .
pascal reassured me of their commitment to top end auto repair and excellence .
 : ) definitely recommended !
i always passed by this place on my way to work .
recommended .
saved me a few hundred dollars .
and when a part could not be located in time provided a loaner car .
i took my car to virginia auto service for a very specific issue .
they called me with a totally different problem the cost to fix was outrageous .
i repeated what i needed and they told me no , no , no .
i lodged a complaint with the owner and requested a refund .
he laughed and said he would only communicate in writing with me .
* updated * original review : `` my car died on a sunday .
robert called me early in the morning and he was initially very friendly .
his quote was $ _num_ .
i called back and asked if $ _num_ was the best they could do .
my truck had been shuddering and shaking badly at certain rpms & speeds .
the dealer diagnosed the problem as my catalytic convertor and replaced it .
chuck 's speed shop did my block work @ $ _num_ .
i had already changed the fuel filter .
i chose the carter for $ _num_ and they looked identical during the swap .
i used a new motorcraft temp gauge too .
virginia told me that they have never heard of `` carter '' .
chuck 's speed shop did my block work @ $ _num_ .
i had already changed the fuel filter .
i chose the carter for $ _num_ and they looked identical during the swap .
i used a new motorcraft temp gauge too .
virginia told me that they have never heard of `` carter '' .
would definitely recommend them ; ask for robert took my car in as it needed its scheduled maintenance .
they called me and gave me an estimate of over $ 4 , 000 ?
i told them i wanted a second opinion .
i could kiss this new friend .
luckily , though , i had a ride on the way .
in fact , they washed my car before giving it back to me !
today i took my car in for an oil change ( period ) .
i never asked them to do anything other than an oil change .
they walked me through what must happen and what could wait .
even dropped my car off for me !
i brought in my truck after another shop failed to fix an oil leak .
service was excellent , and communication was great .
the beef curry was excellent .
my first culinary experience at thaiger was several months ago with co - workers .
my thai craving kicked in and i had to have some `` thingy . '' 
it was packed inside for a weekday night , which is a good sign .
my tom yum soup and spicy basil chicken were right on the mark .
i was not impressed once .
had lunch here last year , i was presently surprised !
did the tempe pita jungle servers moonlight at wild thaiger ?
we had to search around for the hidden entrance .
perhaps because i was expecting it to be bad , i was pleasantly surprised .
it was pretty good .
all in all i would say it was a score .
the three of us agreed that it would make a good hh spot .
also a real winner were the spicy clear/glass noodles with vegetables and chicken .
they were appropriately strong and actually quite good !
i obliged .
i was blown away by the panang curry .
we had it for take out and it survived the trip home fine .
while the presentation was very nice , the dish itself was just okay .
the one gal who got a noodle dish however said hers was terrific .
most of us got dessert to finish things off .
i got a slice of the mango cheesecake ( very tasty ) .
another person got the lemon ginger cheesecake and was very happy .
we went on wednesday for $ _num_ wine glass night .
most everyone else got a white wine .
amazingly , when we originally sat down , the restaurant was just about dead .
but after 8 : 30 pm the place was packed !
the dragon eggs were atrocious .
but the pad thai and beef panang were both good .
and for around $ _num_ each they were pretty good sized portions .
for dessert the coconut ice cream sprinkled with peanuts is a great ending .
i had high hopes for this restaurant .
i got everything takeout .
it was very good .
i opened my green curry and said : `` where 's the sauce '' ?
there was so little i ca n't comment on the flavor of the curry .
the larger amercian green beans were n't cooked .
that sucked .
the beef was tender enough but the peices were too big .
the tom ka gai soup was fantastic .
recently went back with a party of _num_ for a bday celebration .
it was only downhill from there .
another _num_ min later he took our food orders .
 _num_ min later they started coming out , sort of .
seven entrees came out , staggered over a period of five minutes .
chicken underneath was completely flavorless and was dry and veggies were scant .
good thing it was only $ _num_ .
wild thaiger was never a great option for thai in the valley .
we ordered the peanut chicken and it tasted more like peanut butter chicken .
we sat outside on the covered patio , which was pretty busy .
our server was prompt and pleasant .
the food : i ordered chicken with peanut sauce and jasmine rice .
the sauce was very flavorful , but no heat at all .
now our server did not ask us about stars or heat at all .
got ta recommend all of it !
the corn fritters are crunchy and good , served with jalapenos and cucumber .
the coconut milk - based soup with chicken was a hit around the table .
our server was first rate and unusually sweet .
went to wild thaiger for the first time last night and enjoyed every aspect .
had the wild wrap and dragon eggs for appetizers .
all were prepared very well .
it was by far the best panang we have in phoenix to date .
the beef was fork tender and the sauce flavor was over the top .
server was very friendly and attentive .
this was exactly what brought me there last night .
i was seated immediately upon arrival .
i was not disappointed .
the thai beer i had was wonderful .
i decided on the jungle love ( insert 70s funk music here ) .
it was superb .
it added a great contrast to the mass of vegetables in the pot .
it was exquisite .
i went with two friends and we all enjoyed our meals .
that was my thought when i ate at wild thaiger .
my first visit was a few weeks ago and was for take out .
i decided on the chicken curry lunch special .
it was n't too spicy , just the right amount of kick for me .
and , it was very flavorful and extremely filling .
been here twice .
loved it both times !
we beat him to this place .
lucky for us , with _num_ people , everyone picked something different .
i had the best beef panang evar !
they even had my favorite desert , the mango and sticky rice .
i took a book , sat by myself and had a great afternoon .
the food was excellent .
service was decent and the wait staff was very attentive .
everything was delicious .
had kimow chicken and must warn , it hot !
had lemon ginger cheescake , was fantastic !
3/5/10 ) , that i had to leave .
i figured i would write a review since i have not yet .
i was surprised at how good this place was .
the food was honestly 4 - star worthy , so tasty .
once it arrived , i was pleased with the presentation .
the waitress could have been quite a bit more attentive .
something just seemed a little off about her ?
we started the meal off with the corn fritters .
they were crispy and delicious and had a yummy cucumber chutney with them .
for my entree , i had the tofu mangone and it was awesome .
we finished the meal with the blueberry kaffir lime cheesecake .
it was creamy , cool , and a wonderful way to end a meal .
i went for lunch this time and the service was great .
although it was slightly loud , the food more than made up for it .
it was amazing !
very tasty : ) i used to go here once every two weeks for lunch with my coworkers .
i had my union going away party here on the patio .
ordered take out at 7 : 15 and was told to give them _num_ minutes .
they did n't even offer an apology or some sort of concession .
acted like it was normal !
deciding on wild thaiger , i chose to save thai hut for another time .
thai iced tea in hand i reviewed the menu .
the jasmine rice was cooked perfectly .
food was alright .
service was the worst i have ever experienced .
i took almost two hours for us to receive our food .
the tom yum ( or was it tom kah ? ) 
the lady on the phone said it was not an issue .
we got there and it was packed on a friday night .
the hostess said it would be _num_ minutes for a table .
literally two seconds later , there was a four person table cleared .
i asked for the table and she got someone to clean it for us .
the place was busy and noisy .
the menu was limited and average priced for most items .
i craved noodles so ordered the pad - seiw .
the noodles were alright .
the hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice .
finally got to eat at this place after driving by so many times .
it was fine .
wild thaiger was very cozy and inviting .
the server took another _num_ minutes to take our drink order .
the thai iced tea was really different but very good .
our main dishes took forever to come out and it was just ok .
the price was also reasonable .
we ordered takeout , and were n't too adventures .
i ordered the beef panang and husband ordered a peanut chicken dish .
there , i said it .
it happened at wild thaiger .
highly recommended !
went on my birthday after st. francis had an hour long wait .
had the ginger martini .
then , we shared the vegetarian appetizer plate .
never had anything like that before .
i had the tofu pad thai , which was perfect !
bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated .
i had a surprising lunch at the thaiger .
maybe it was our fault as we chose outside on a cloudy cool day .
after no response , i went in ordered food .
food was delivered _num_ minutes later .
then adding insult to injury the food was bland when it arrived .
mike i had the strawberry champagne martini it was very well made .
it was mostly broth with few veggies .
the pad thai was decent .
the green papaya salad was bland needing more lime juice .
we ordered everything medium spice and it came out with no heat .
we came only due to the four star rating .
the cheesy _num_ 's radio station did n't help .
i was really excited to try this place with my husband on saturday .
i really enjoyed the opportunity to eat outside on such a beautiful day .
the service was pretty bad .
we had to ask for ice tea refills .
we had to ask for additional sweetner packets .
my husband ordered the wild boar .
he thought it was just okay .
i had the eggplant and tofu .
i asked them to add some thai pumpkin to it .
it was super yummy .
the bill was a bit expensive and i wo n't be running back .
it took us over an hour to get our lunch !
it came and was fantastic and most suprisingly light .
i ordered as a main the seafood panang and it was so good .
none of it remained .
my friend ordrered the mango shrimp and ate every bite of that .
i would if i could give it _num_ stars .
called in another order earlier this week .
it was ready when i got there .
as always , the food was amazing .
come onnnnn !
 _num_ or maybe _num_ finally got to try wild thaiger .
every other part was perfect .
************* i 'm happy to say it did n't disappoint !
we had appetizers as well as dinner , and everything was sooooooooo tasty !
the presentation was pleasing , the portions outrageously large , and the service exceptional .
still , it was a great experience .
needless to say , i was excited !
alas , at the arrival of my food , i was disappointed .
inside looked clean and the booths are rather private , which is neat .
my biggest complaint was the layout of the menu itself .
tried this place last night ... its very good location with a nice patio .
the food was fresh and was good .
we had our first experience on a friday night about 6 : 30 .
the servers were pleasant .
the inside was clean with a combo bar and open kitchen .
we started with the freshie rolls with warm peanut sauce and lychee martini .
glad we tried it .
as soon as she entered she was met by a thai staff member .
she asked a question about a menu item .
the responce was simply nasty & for no reason .
we told our friends we had taken there we wouldnt stay & we left .
husband loved the thin crust pizza . 
breadsticks were great too monicals pizza was by far one of my favorite pizzas . 
it had two levels which gave was a more homey feeeling . 
absolutely loved their thin crust pizzas . 
haven't found one as crispy anywhere else . 
the pizza was just ok . 
the appetizers were frozen and low quality . 
service was always slow and they constantly forgot basic things like straws . 
the family environment was nice for kids or big groups . 
i had had ate here many times after# illinied football games . 
service was great& fast . 
accept credit . 
i suggested the family meal . 
i was glad we did . 
i suggested the chow fun . 
it was very good and not too greasy... cheap and perfectly adequate . 
the kind of place you ordered from because it was close and cheap . 
the food here wasn't great but it wasn't bad either . 
among the cheaper options though , this was about par . 
i really thought this was some of the best chinese food in champaign . 
i loved this place for took out chinese . 
when i got other things i was happy with the food . 
every time i ordered it came exactly as expected and exceeded taste wise . 
the fried dumplings were a must if you ever visited this place . 
i ordered for picked up and it was always ready right on time . 
food was actually pretty delicious . 
price was okay , but the amount that they gave you was amazing . 
definitely worth going for if you wanted good quick chinese food the biggest serving of crab rangoon my lonely eyes ever saw . 
; d we just wasn't too adventurous , so . 
teej was from southern california . 
teej was afraid of the cold . 
teej was in desperate need of winter clothes . 
teej also spoke in third person . 
 `` where was you from ! 
 `` i had med from the south bay. '' 
definitely checked out champaign surplus . 
they ruled ! 
i was a comparison shopper . 
i checked prices , models and when i spent my money i spent deliberately . 
i also tried to buy locally . 
i can got them instantly and tried them on ! 
this was why we should all shopped locally . 
its better than wildcountry , but those was really two different stores . 
didn't missed their sidewalk sale ! 
kudos to ira and coed champaign surplus was a great store . 
this was the better of the two local outdoor/ outfitter stores in town . 
in the back was their army - surplus store . 
the sale was a great place to get gloves/ mittens/ hats , too . 
this was for sure the best place to go for your outdoor/ winter clothes needed . 
they had a nice selection of stuff and the prices seemed just about right . 
their camping and sporting stuff was pretty aweosme too . 
 ( wtf ) so that made the price difference more palatable , especially if you needed help . 
this was a nice store : lots of great brands and selection . 
prices reflected the good brands - - didn't expected a bargain . 
they had some , but very limited in type and variety . 
the focus here was on clothing . 
an institution , but came so far since i was a kid . 
they was now a mini rei , both in size/ selection and quality . 
prices too , really , but i had med used to inflated prices . 
good quality and good service once you found someone to help . 
for our area this was a good military surplus store . 
they carried abig line of domestic& international military clothing& gear . 
they also carried fort knox& alpha jackets and coats . 
on the internet there was no blank stares... this store was always well - stocked and well - staffed . 
this store was dangerous for people who liked camping gadgets . 
i was one of those people . 
sometimes if you were just shopping during a sale , they can was annoying . 
didn't forgot to check the back room for the best deals ! 
also , didn't came here expecting actual military surplus . 
they charged extra for bags so didn't forgot to bring your own ! 
i had had was shopping at champaign surplus since _num_ . 
that said , there was some excellent ones too . 
this place had a fun dance atmosphere . 
i remembered driving to champaign from kankakee to go to `` c street '' . 
when it was warm , you can hung out on the patio as well . 
c street was where the boys were in champaign . 
they also had free popcorn . 
this bar was pure vintage . 
chester street was where my club life began . 
the dance floor was massive with a giant mirror in the back . 
c/ u was a fun town period . 
this bar was what you made out of it . 
music was fun and meeting people there was memorable . 
drag show was recommendable . 
parking was close and fairly big . 
bathrooms were not good , and the cover was a bummer . 
floor/ counter tops can were sloshing with alcoholic liquid though... this was usually the last stop of the night whenever i went out . 
hands down this place had the best hot nachos in the city ! 
tanning bed _num_ . 
flirty blue hawaii they played the best edm in the champaign . 
parking was relatively easy . 
there was always parking in the rear . 
what was this magical place you called c street ? 
c street had the best dj's and dance floor on/ near campus . 
it was usually fine . 
the bartender , andrewed was a bit chatty but nice . 
today i went in the bf was tending bar . 
decides he was gon na was a jerk; no manners . 
i leaved . 
the drag shows were awesome and the music was usually great for dancing . 
the drinks were good , and the beer selection was okay . 
overall it was a cool place with a great vibe . 
i knew how this was supposed to work ! 
the bar was full and the drinks were strong . 
the music was loud and the people was... well . 
but that was just me . 
remodel the bathrooms . 
keep on gettin it with the drag shows . 
i had med a fan of the drag shows every sunday night . 
yo floors sticky additionally , modern bars were offering more than two draught selections . 
overall , i had med extremely happy ! 
i had had was going to dr. albert's office for the last few years . 
i was always extremely impressed by the thoroughness and efficiency of her exams . 
she was very friendly , helpful , and open to any questions . 
all of my appointments lasted around 30 - 40 minutes . 
i really appreciated doctors who respected my time ! 
i had med surprised there wasn't more reviews of dr. alberted here . 
they was great at helping to find a flattering and fashionable pair of glasses . 
i loved this place ! 
they had a good selection of frames incl . 
dr. albert was great too and provided very thorough exams . 
highly recommended . 
what really brought me back , though , was the great staff there . 
she 'll just brought me several frames , and then the fun began . 
i really appreciated that . 
for such a small shop , they can was busy . 
for an eye exam , of course you needed an appointment . 
but for adjustments , you can` walked in. '' 
they was definitely worked the wait ! 
dr jodi was a really nice optometrist . 
i had med not sure if that was on purpose or by accident... i was in cu for graduate school and needed new glasses and an exam . 
i had to say that i was impressed . 
i was always surprised that they generated enough income to pay the rent . 
but here was my beef... it got to the point that i hated to go into the store . 
to which i answered `` didn't worried about it. '' 
please shut the f*** up and leaved me the f*** alone . 
same old , same old... verbally assaulted by 20 - something clerk... no , i did not need your assistance . 
no , i did not want to discuss my weekend plans with you . 
no , i didn't cared anything about you or your life . 
this was my went - to hardware store . 
i can got in and out in a short amount of time . 
what really set this store apart from other hardware stores was their employees . 
they had quality items and was always happy to help . 
that said , i always found what i needed . 
they expanded a little with garden tool rentals . 
their prices were not far off the big box stores . 
this was almost worth a trip to champaign . 
so well stocked , i had had never saw a better collection . 
this was my went - to hardware store . 
the employees were very helpful and knowledgeable . 
there was a huge difference between shopping here and somewhere like menards/ lowes . 
they provided a _num_ % discount if you showed your icard ! 
and i thought that said something... loved this place ! 
i loved rebeccaed ! 
i loved amy ! 
i loved lindsey ! 
i loved jake ! 
the whole staff was rad and i 'll never went anywhere else . 
i had med not suburban - bland , but i had med not a hipster either . 
so best of luck to them , but i had had decamped . 
it was champaign - urbana for crissakes - - did we had to be so pretentious ? 
step in : abby from ippatsu . 
thank you , abby ! 
i had one the best haircuts ever ! 
i just loved it ! 
plus a bonus was that she ed so sweet ! 
they was the best place to get a haircut , color , etc . 
everyone who worked there was very sweet and genuine too ! 
i had med gon na missed this place so much when i moved : ( but maybe i had med pretty easy going so that was just my preference . 
but i thought that was just how he was . 
i thought she was the owner's dog . 
the staff seemed pretty young ( most under _num_ ? ) 
and yes , roxie , the chihuahua , was adorable ! 
my only quibble was the cost . 
i 'll probably went here again next time i felt like splurging though . 
i never felt so comfortable with someone cutting my hair ! 
 ( though i knew their other stylists were awesome as well! ) 
if you were looking for a new salon , went to ippatsu . 
i looooved the place . 
i saw kate when i went there , and she did really stylished haircuts . 
i myself was very indecisive about what to do with my hair . 
the place not match in cu . 
i was a far cry from being scene . 
i didn't thought it existed in champaign . 
service : ippatsu had young staff who liked to express themselves . 
i wished she was more gentle with her hands . 
jake was great ! 
i had curly hair that i wore both curly and straight . 
i definitely recommended him to people of all hair types . 
he also had some kind of certification in cutting curly hair . 
ippatsu was as close as i had had found to that experience . 
she also did a great cut and style . 
i had major cow licks and i came out with poker straight hair . 
i had had was so impressed i had med using ippatsu for my wedding ! 
rebecca was the stuff dreams were made of . 
many people complained that the environment and staff in ippatsu seemed pretentious . 
ok , i can took partial responsibility for being late , but _num_ minutes ? 
i had had had difficulty finding someone who could cut long curly hair . 
i had had learnt cutting curly hair dry was almost always a disaster . 
quit being cheap people and got a good hair cut ! 
and of course , doug was awesome . 
the deva curled one condition was amazing . 
wherever doug was , that was where i 'll went . 
plus , it was right downtown next to some tasty cafes and bakeries . 
doug was my hero ! 
i looked forward to our visits - very fun& relaxed . 
plus , the price was incredibly reasonable for such a high - quality cut ! 
he earned my highest recommendation ! 
avoid at all costs ! 
the results were subtle , just what i wanted . 
i loved how unique , artsy , and friendly they was . 
didn't forgot that they had had moved to their new location on chester ! 
jake was super nice and approachable as other reviews mentioned . 
my hair looked great , had nice volume and frames my face better . 
most importantly , it worked with and accentuated my naturally curly hair . 
if you had curly hair , i absolutely recommended the devacut . 
if you can got it with jake at ippatsu even better . 
it was seriously one of the best hair cuts i ever had . 
i hated to spend money - - especially on haircuts . 
i believed the extra expense if worth every penny . 
i loved getting my hair cut here ! 
jamie marlow was the world's best hairstylist . 
there was no one i would rather went to . 
she did exactly what you wanted and worked with you and your hair . 
she made it worked . 
jamie listened , cares , and was just the best . 
i had had never had better hair . 
rebecca was an outstanding owner and artist . 
kate , my stylist , was simply outstanding . 
i can not say enough about how great my experience was here . 
jake was great for a number of reasons. ) 
also , tis place was absolutely not at all whatsoever overpriced . 
i loved my new hair cut ! 
the salon had an overall trendy vibe . 
if you needed a curly cut , saw jake ! 
he was a master in his field ! 
yes , it was pricey but it was well worth it ! 
does it got any better than that ? 
it didn't . 
oh , and ( most importantly ) they was good at what they did . 
the environment was inviting and friendly . 
i recommended this salon . 
he was fairly easy - going and caring your thoughts and concerns . 
thanks jake to make my hair survived= ) jaked jake jake ! 
i loved this salon . 
amy was fabulous ! 
go saw her . 
this salon was a great vibe , chill and relaxed . 
overall fantastic experience and i highly advised anyone to go b i asked for a basic color service and the stylist burnt my scalp . 
go elsewhere ! 
i knew no one reviewed mcdonalds , but this drove through was seriously awesome . 
ok so we all knew that mcdonalds were awesome . 
there was nothing i can complained about . 
mcdonalds were generally mcdonalds . 
the food here was fine , but service/ atmosphere was lacking . 
also , they had very strict bbq sauce quotas . 
it was mcdonald's . 
service can ranged time to time , but that was expected with fast food . 
i only used the drive through at this mcdonalds . 
 _num_ of the last _num_ times i had had was the order was wrong . 
i had med guessing they can't leaved after work stars and neither can i . 
it was not much different from most other mcdonald's . 
customer service was average . 
the service was horrendous . 
went there numerous times and my orders were messed up . 
how did i hated thee ? 
let me counted the ways . 
i hated this mcdonalds . 
i had med not exaggerating . 
i had med dead serious . 
after i finished the meal , thanked goodness for mcdonalds . 
this was why america was awesome . 
the playground smelt horrible . 
the worst quality mcdonald i was to . 
my mcchickenned only came with one slice of bun......... the other side was missing . 
this was a terrible place for anybody looking to enjoy themselves . 
if having fun was not your thing , checked out fat city . 
inside , the place didn't*ed looked* that bad . 
the worst i had had experienced in champaign - urbana . 
the music system sucked. ) 
the food sucked . 
on tuesday , they had$ _num_ margaritas that was terrible. ) 
they had$ _num_ domestic beers on wednesday night . 
this place was through several owners ( one being my cousins ) . 
a beer garden that hosted plenty of bands . 
i never saw such colossal unprofessionalism . 
good to see . 
didn't saw any old lady maybe that was why . 
will never went unless iam stuck in the mall and hungry when i went to a restaurant during prime time i expected results . 
this was my usual lunch spot when i was out shopping with my family . 
it was very popular and the line was usually quite long . 
given that the food was already prepared , didn't made much sense . 
thanks , g - mart , for being the best comics shop in town . 
there was a good selection of comics here , including some small press titles . 
oh , and i loved their pre - ordering system . 
i loved diving into quarter bins and g - mart had some of the best . 
every time i headed back down to champaign , i stopped by g - mart . 
so , let me got this straight - - i loved comics . 
i missed this . 
you had to search a little bit to find it these days . 
they was on - hand stock was a bit underwhelming overall . 
but i had med not sure cu could supported such a store . 
this was probably one of the best places to order comics . 
my favorite comic book stores usually had some kind of back - issue collection . 
fortunately , no one ever entered g - mart when goldfrapp was not playing . 
alright , seriously though , colby made the store . 
 _num_ stars... i didn't had the heart to give it _num_ . 
i felt kind of bad hatin 'on g - mart . 
then you actually entered the comic book shop . 
it was... a lot smaller than i was expecting . 
also quite a few boxes of back - issues , which was always fun to browse . 
one of my favorite things about going to a comic book shop was browsing . 
i knew this was somewhat frowned upon . 
didn't read the comics and all that jazz . 
or bought it directly from fantagraphics . 
why was it almost totally empty ? 
i guessed i just didn't understood why the space seemed so poorly utilized . 
but there wasn't . 
street signage and visibility was zero . 
kids were excited to read their comics . 
it was a shame this business got a few poor reviews . 
please supported our local businesses before going online . 
it was a value added service and a benefit to our local community . 
whenever my boyfriend and i was in the area , we always stopped in . 
apparently , this place had the best prices on guitar strings - whoodathunked ! 
i had med no musician , but i had had had nothing but great experiences here . 
get your hot pot supplies here ! 
i believed that they typically got their shipments in on fridays . 
sometimes they even had random seafood products like littleneck clams or blue crab . 
bizarre fruits , strange flavors , and interesting ingredients were abundant . 
i didn't thought they liked white people . 
they had good , cheap produce and lots of imported could and boxed food . 
i got the feeling that they may not . 
to summarize : pros : lots of variety , relatively inexpensive cons : dirty , can was difficult to locate what you were looking for this was the asians 'asian grocery store . 
update : the reviews on here were for the far east grocery store . 
far east grocery had a huge variety for such a little place . 
as long as you were respectful to them not obnoxious . 
some other customers accused the store of being `` dirty. '' 
sometimes they even had a box of live crabs available for adventurous eaters ! 
i described this place to my friends as a concrete box with a door . 
 `` where... where was i ? 
you were in asia , my friend . 
prices were reasonable but its a pain that they only accepted cash or check . 
they offered very fresh seafood . 
they took both checks and cash but did not accept credit. ) 
but this spot did ok . 
cash only , didn't forgot ! 
this got to be my favorite grocery store for asian goods . 
you also got a waft of that chinese grocery store smell . 
the selection of fish was pretty good . 
there was many kinds of whole fish and filets . 
but the best thing of all was the owners . 
they was extremely nice and helpful . 
they also gave good recipes and recommendations . 
it was really cozy and i felt so invited every time . 
i wished i could took the store with me . 
far east was very close to my sister's apartment . 
are you sure this was a safe street? '' 
well , mom knew her stuff . 
yes , it was creepy from the outside . 
yes , it was a little weird smelling when you first walked in . 
but the produce and authentic asian things was spot on . 
that was how good it was . 
they also had all of the condiments your at - home - asian - cooking - heart desires . 
let's not even started on the candy . 
i died . 
cash only so was prepared for that . 
i wished i lived in between far east and world harvest ! 
great place to get asian food ! 
i ca nt . 
my family `` lovingly '' referred to this place as the crack house . 
i referred to it disgustedly as the crack house . 
i just did nt trusted this place . 
let me repeated that... they had seafood . 
they only accepted cash , probably because they made up prices as they went . 
doesn't accepted cards . 
can was inconvenient . 
really didn't recommended to shop in this store . 
lots of foods were expired and still on the shelf for sale . 
so yeah , it was totally fine . 
didn't let these crackers confused you . 
it had a nice asian stank in there . 
they had a ton of cool sweets too . 
the products in this place were reasonably priced . 
that was not the reason why i had med giving far east _num_ stars . 
i had med not sure what was going on with that . 
but that was just for personal consumption . 
there was got to be something banning this sort of thing . 
even if there wasn't , this was an unsavory practice as a business . 
who knew how long the meat was left out . 
far east , you were worrying me . 
you got to keep a star for your shelf items . 
check those expiration dated though . 
going back tomorrow with my husband . 
lots of stuff to choose from here . 
great place to get a variety of fresh authentic asian groceries . 
various kinds of food can satisfied my needs but the quality . 
can not imagine the poor quality of some food . 
far east had a lot of chinese/ asian grocery items . 
i thought they mostly emphasized chinese ethnic food . 
the aisles were really narrow ! 
if you were claustrophobic , you had had were warned ! 
hey , at least it was way better than the target ! 
there was some nice high end items that can was bought with good sales . 
hidden deals : never anyone around to help . 
easier to use amazon.com . 
how times changed . 
nonetheless , i had a fat face . 
pro tip : shopped the return section ! 
they can was busy at times . 
do yourself a favor and went in the evening on a weekday . 
he was professional , courteous and knowledgable on lenscrafters eyeweared . 
the doctor side of lenscrafters got _num_ stars . 
i had had found the retail side of lenscrafters to be a complete rip off . 
ever wondered why glasses were ungodly expensive here ? 
i went to lense crafters several times . 
i always was happy with their service until recently . 
prices were high but you can found anything . 
anything you can thought of , at a reasonable price . 
they didn't priced match . 
you sold the best toys.you was aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawssomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
if you wanted the blu - ray... . 
forget it , that was in another part of the store . 
 `` you had a coupon to buy `` peter pan '' ? 
 `` you had a coupon on your phone ? 
 `` target and walmart was selling `` little mermaid '' for a lower price ? 
well ma'am , you had to bring the ad in to us '' `` you had the ad on your phone ? 
get control of your registry people champaigned toys r us ! 
they made a mean calzone as well . 
i had med a little sad that they didn't used fresh mushrooms . 
dude , this pizza was gross . 
crust took almost exactly like cardboard and the toppings were icky . 
and walking . 
and walking . 
it was a long way to east urbana from downtown champaign . 
forget the pizza here . 
just forgot it . 
it was not nearly as good as garcia's or papa del's . 
in fact it was not even better than papaed john's . 
they had fabulous calzones here . 
they just ooze delicious cheese and was stuffed with toppings . 
this was really , really good pizza , particularly for the price . 
okay , so they used could ( or jarred ) mushrooms . 
the cheese was delicious ( also had the cheesy bread ) . 
revising my earlier review . 
and hard to recognize what i received as a stuffed pizza . 
all the other reviewers seemed to be rich , snobs . 
it was delivery or picked - up only... . 
you didn't went there for aesthetics . 
this was the kind of mom& popped pizzeria pizza i grew up with . 
pan was the way to go , skipped the stuffed . 
i ordered a sausage and pepperonied pizza pizza was not anything to write home about , that was for sure . 
the poorboys were also good , but i really can't recommended the pizza . 
they was lucky they had my favorite calzones in town . 
this place was definitely worth stopping into if you were a gamer . 
chambananites , this was a local business that deserved to stay in - town . 
so i can not testify for the other rpg or game types they had . 
it was not to say that i was tempted though . 
everytime i came , i can not help but perused what they had . 
the staff was friendly and helpful . 
i can not say enough about the staff at this facility . 
my story began with picking my cat up at the groomer's . 
have faith your pet was in good hands here . 
why didn't yelped let me gave zero stars ? 
the animal emergency clinic of champaign was a scam . 
they charged exorbitant fees and did a very poor job . 
i thought anyone affiliated with the aec should was ashamed of themselves . 
overcharging and taking advantage of people in desperate situations was inexcusable . 
i was glad i had pet insurance ! 
but it was a blessing that they was there when you needed them ! 
very caring and thorough care during a stressful time ! 
isn't that what i asked ! 
i can't said enough about my vet , she was awesome and thorough . 
as for animal emergency clinic , they was boobery and nothing more . 
humans didn't even got charged this much for simple iv therapy ! 
this place was a joke to the highest magnitude ! 
circles saved me on more than one occasion . 
she also had her own clothing line which was worth checking out . 
jennifer north was way better . 
how can you not love comfort and sleeknessed all in one ? 
ps : they was now on neil st , next to pekara . 
it was uncalled for , and it was stupid . 
i didn't got it . 
it was demeaning and unnecessary . 
it was not worth the visit . 
bella was more professional . 
i totally agreed with jade . 
circles were a great place to find that one - of - a - kind piece . 
definitely tried it out if youn't were before ! 
i loved this store . 
it stood alone here . 
you were better than that , girl . 
literally , she spent a bar of gold on clothes for me at circles . 
that was how i slept at night . 
in my skunkfunk fancies . 
now , super _num_ was... a super _num_ . 
 `` um , yeah , can you febreezed it? '' 
the one additional star was for the free wireless in the room . 
i had med so sorry , pops . 
there was even a nicer super _num_ near lincoln avenue . 
i did not know what else you could possibly were looking for in champaign . 
i stayed here twice now ! 
honestly , didn't stayed here unless every other hotel was booked . 
did not stay here ! 
thank . 
i didn't needed fancy , i just needed comfy . 
this should told you it was not ok to stay there ! 
classic case of getting what you payed for . 
i had had heard of the saying `` beauty was pain '' - but sheesh ! 
get some fresh air flowing in here ! 
overall , it was not awkward . 
kane& company was a little pricey for this town . 
i always got a great cut and color from erica . 
she was a great stylist ! 
erica was cutting my hair for a few years . 
you can imagined what that felt like . 
i had had was a client of paul kane for over a decade . 
the salon had a friendly feel and a good vibe . 
first of all , i loved the calm atmosphere in the salon . 
and i really thought i found her . 
a cut cost$ _num_ but was worth every penny . 
i highly highly recommended her ! 
he was brilliant . 
the end result was a fantastic edgy cut that was completely washed and went . 
con : megaed expensive i was following my girl ursa all around the town . 
she was just the best and she was sooooo cute . 
ps : i was a straight female : ) ursa rocks ! 
her work was top notch . 
she was friendly and didn't rushed through your appointment . 
alex was also great at doing makeup . 
ursa was simply the best . 
i had had was getting my haircut by terra for the past _num_ years . 
she gave me cuts that was more conservative and some more edgy . 
terra simply knew exactly how to bring my hair from blah to amazing . 
also kane and company was top notch . 
the staff was super friendly and its easy to make appointments . 
the salon staff was really friendly , and ursa was great ! 
the interior was nice and it was in a beautiful old building . 
so i had to say ursa always delivered . 
they didn't cared about anything except for your money . 
everyone was so nice and the place was clean and organized . 
i saw carly to get my hair cut and she did an awesome job . 
i had med very pleased with the service and the cut . 
definitely better than what was currently available at ippatsu , at least . 
i found her cuts to always were contemporary and flattering . 
she had a good eye for style and good technical skills . 
i was happy to have her as my stylist . 
 ( i also went to alex who was top notch too ) . 
i found her a delightful person to chat with too . 
kane and coed offered a pleasant , clean and bright setting . 
i liked that they reminded me the day before an appointment . 
i hoped this made the cut . 
i planned on scheduling myself an appointment i 'll reviewed that one also ! 
the atmosphere was great , and very trendy . 
they had water , teas , coffee to drink while getting a cut . 
from receptionist to stylists , kane and co was professional and friendly . 
ursa was a rock star . 
it did not hurt that she was very cute too : ) they was awesome . 
this was th best barber shop i found in town . 
i liked my hair style . 
definitely recommended this . 
i had had was going here for _num_ years ! 
everywhere i went i always got compliments ! 
her personality and charisma made the visit so much fun and they looked awesome ! 
we highly recommended kane& co. ! 
for reference , i had med an asian male with relatively thick hair . 
first , it was very pricy . 
it was not worth the price . 
i tried twice . 
she was amazing with coloring and cutting my hair exactly how i wanted . 
i highly recommended her ! 
they was all so friendly and helpful ! 
it looked almost exactly like the picture i brought in . 
it was always a good experience for me ! 
danielle can really handled any skin concerns and was super generous with her insights . 
and , my previous review still totally stood ! 
most of the staff was very friendly and easy to talk to . 
i loved coming in here . 
the only downside was the pricing . 
i read one of the reviews which recommended lauren . 
i saw danielle for my eyebrows and she was amazing ! 
i highly recommended her . 
the salon was really nice , reasonable prices , and my highlights/ cut looked perfect ! 
thank you ! 
michelle benjamin - remembered that name , wrote it down if you had to ! 
michelle was an esthetician and she was levels more than that . 
my skin was glowing and looked better than it had since my youth . 
i loved love love melissa cave . 
and there was wine too . 
i liked that . 
danielle ( esthetics/ skin care ) at kane and company was amazing . 
l - o - v - e this place ! 
thank you melissa ! 
the proprietor can was a bit brusque , but not rude . 
she was doing repairs for me for years . 
she was excellent and fair priced . 
in conclusion - yes for barbara if you needed something took in . 
they knew what they was doing , and that was the most important thing . 
her work was consistent , timely , and a bargain . 
barbara was great for the small fix as well as the bigger projects . 
she hit the nail on the head _num_ times . 
i didn't understood people commenting on her attitude . 
i had had was to almost every one in champaign/ urbana and many in chicago . 
parking was a little tough sometimes , but that was normal for the town . 
it was small too , so sometimes you can't found a seat . 
in true caf style , the art on the walls was always changing . 
this was cu's top - notch coffee shop . 
they had delicious hot and cold drinks and wonderfully fresh pastries . 
and a diverse enough menu to provide sustenance . 
here was what i loved at kopi : the staff the vibe the cucumber , roasted red pepper , goated cheese sandwich the green salad the grilled cheese with tomatoes the princess cookied the earl grey tea the cucumber water the doorway to circles cafe kopi was one of the better cafs in town . 
i found their coffee to be robust without being bitter . 
their chai was some of the best in town . 
that was not so tasty to me . 
great coffee , plus you can got port and some other boozy drinks . 
ok so the chairs were uncomfortable after a while , that was true . 
no couches to encourage settling in for the long haul . 
the ambiance was great , and sitting outside people - watching on walnut was wonderful . 
alright... cafe kopi deserved its full _num_ stars . 
the coffee at kopi was wicked good . 
a thousand times better at night when it was brightly lit . 
afternoons were gross . 
and right over the air conditioning vent . 
and they wore gloves when they made your sandwhiches . 
i supposed it was worth it ) . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ okay , not all tables and chairs were created equal . 
to visit and chatted - no problem . 
but still , great coffee , music , and good place to go . 
i still definitely recommended . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ and i still loved their turkey panini ! 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ i preferred their house coffee to their `` coffee of the day '' . 
i admitted the coffee here was stellar . 
however , the ambience was all wrong . 
you were growing on me , kopi . 
night times were great to study here , or cold rainy days . 
also , the tuna bacon melt was the greatest thing in the universe . 
i knew . 
great atmosphere with regulars and they didn't minded if you camped out . 
kopi was... meh . 
i went here a lot because i lived nearby . 
let's took one example : the flies in the pastry case . 
they acted like flies was an insurmountable puzzle never before encountered by anyone else . 
try a flyswatter . 
or a trap that didn't used insecticide ( like the sticky ones ) . 
or bought a larger insect zapper . 
i still went there because there wasn't that many nearby cafes . 
the staff was very nice and the curried egg salad pita was good . 
also i wished the dim lighting and the weak espresso could was improved . 
but the bagels were good . 
it was a mixed bag . 
i guessed i 'd tried this place once more , just to be fair . 
they even had sandwiches for when i had med hungry again ! 
the sandwiches were okay . 
they used high quality ingredients , but they was still just sandwiches . 
their soups were not great . 
great place to study . 
it was an indie coffee shop which was a nice change from starbucks/ panera . 
drinks were really good , priced about the same as starbucks . 
daily specials were on the cheap side . 
food and pastries was good but a little overpriced . 
i usually had a pretty good experience here . 
the old woodwork in the building was peaceful . 
great place for coffee and good studying ! 
as far as customer service , it was fair . 
not the best cafe , but i returned here frequently to get studying/ work did . 
cafe kopi had the best cappuccino's in champaign/ urbana . 
something was just not right about the espresso; it had a metallic taste . 
machine needed cleaning perhaps ? 
i had had bought their beans and made stuff at home . 
i really didn't knew what they was doing back there . 
i didn't thought they had any idea how to make espresso beverages either . 
the food was good , especially the lox and cream cheese on a bagel . 
i came from washington , so i knew good salmon . 
i had had tried , but no dice . 
put some of that shit on the floor . 
second , the service here was pretty iffy . 
every third member of the staff was friendly and helpful . 
you were picking up my napkins and washing my plate after i leaved . 
you were not better than me . 
so , i dued n no , i had med tore . 
i loved this place ! 
the drinks were always delicious . 
on top of this , they had consistent closing hours at midnight . 
also , the sandwich sizes were tiny gave their price . 
i loved it here . 
i loved the cafe mieled and the mate latte . 
this was my default stop for coffee or a place to spend the afternoon . 
it can got a little crowded at times though . 
the thai tempeh sandwhich was amazing , also tried the cold brewed coffee sometime . 
prices were out of hand at kopi . 
as best i can guessed , kopi mgted . 
catering ? 
advertise the booze ? 
i could nt was more pleased . 
the food was pretty scrumptious too . 
enjoy ! 
try the baby greens saladded or the greek salad with no feta cheese . 
some soups were vegan but asked to make sure ! 
also , tried the thai tempe or the matty pooh hummus . 
for drinks , got the chai latte with soy and no honey . 
and their chocolate for mochas was vegan ! 
i loved the atmosphere here , it was very chill . 
their coffee wasn't bad and the service was pretty good . 
it was all in the details . 
music selection was kind of weird ( whiny sounding hipster music ? 
didn't ordered the food unless you were desperate . 
lesson learnt : didn't got the thai tempeh panini . 
every time i had had was here , they always got something wrong . 
i just felt that the wasn't very attentive . 
the sandwiches were decent ( had the turkey and gruyere . 
i enjoyed kopi for a number of years . 
the coffee was always decent . 
i enjoyed the tuna melt as well . 
both was not fantastic but very solid . 
however , i loved their chai bomb . 
it elevated my rating from _num_ to_ nummed_ . 
kopi was always a place to stop when in the cu area . 
i didn't knew . 
the coffee was just ok . 
chai latte was yummy and not too sweet . 
the chicken salad and sugar cookies was delicious . 
food presentation was fantastic . 
food was way better than espresso royale ( saranned wrap= no go ) . 
service was prompt and usually cheerful . 
leave them a good tip ! 
the space was great... if you can poached a table . 
for those who biked , there was racks on the curb . 
it was a great place to come studied and got off campus . 
the drinks were pretty good . 
it was fizzy and sweet . 
the staff was super friendly and knowledgable . 
after lunch and shopping what was next ? 
there was a nice little patio , good food for lunch and great coffee ! 
this was my home away from home . 
sometimes it was a chocolaty blend from nicaragua or something strong from peru . 
i had med probably making this up . 
there was wi - fi , obviously . 
there was a decent food selection , too . 
i loved their pita and hummus . 
they also had everything bagels , which i liked lightly toasted and plain . 
anyway , what really made this place great was the staff . 
i had no shame in spending every waking hour in this coffee shop . 
i got all my work did , and i saw friendly faces . 
i felt like one of them . 
try the latte or the tea . 
also , the `` pots of tea '' were great . 
the coffee was good , the tea selection was very nice . 
the quality of the food was very good . 
it was as good as it got with regard to coffee houses . 
great atmosphere and character , clearly a place to study on the weekend . 
recommend the turkey and brie open faced sandwich . 
amazing coffee , some of the best i had had ever had . 
i had had was here over a dozen times . 
for a coffee shop , it was terrible . 
the only good coffee drink i had had was the cafe mieled . 
also , the baked goods were just terrible . 
so why was i giving it 3/5 stars ? 
because the lunch was excellent . 
and the environment was the best . 
there was much better places in town ! 
the coffee was decent , too . 
i thought it was overpriced and sloppy . 
i loved cafe kopi ! 
my husband and i came here every saturday and had for years . 
they was efficient , courteous and always polite . 
the only slight negative i would gave was the scones . 
that did not deter me from my _num_ star rating ! 
i loved this place , but wished it would was open later than midnight . 
docking _num_ star only because it was usually hard to find a good spot . 
i guessed i should said something about the beverages... tea , however , was the surprise triumph , here . 
the bold green `` earthiness '' was balanced with a sweet shot of vanilla . 
if you found one , you were set . 
i had had recently was experiencing very hit or missed service . 
i used to love going here in the summer . 
it was a mix of vanilla and honey . 
let me told you... it was perfect . 
i got it every time i was down in champaign . 
i didn't thought i ever had another latte like it anywhere else . 
plus their food was organic and delicious . 
great place for late night studying since they was open until midnight ! 
i loved the big room with little lamps at the tables . 
breakfast menu leaved a bit to be desired . 
one the cutest and coolest coffee joints i had had ever saw . 
the baristas were awesome . 
i was here a few times when my band played in town ! 
i had med a coffee shop - kind of girl . 
they had a yummy hummus and the coffee was ok . 
to cap it off , they was credit card friendly ! 
i thought cafe kopi must was the most overrated coffee shop in town . 
yes , the wifi was good , but the prices were outrageous . 
afe kopi was my favorite coffee shop in this town . 
the baristas were angels . 
nothing about the food ( appearance , taste ) was worth$ _num_ . 
their bakery items were also really bad yet somehow very expensive . 
tuna salad was six dollars ! 
this was a great study spot with good coffee . 
it had a great cozy - coffee shop felt . 
they had a lot of power outlets and the music was not overpowering . 
my favorite thing to get here was the chai tea latte . 
the customers had this mutual understanding that it was a study spot . 
they had free cucumber or orange infused water . 
i knew they saw us . 
vibe , which , ironically , did went with the ambiance of the place . 
there was stairs in the back , but did not go up these . 
there was no seating ! 
it was a trap ! 
oh , and made sure to clean up after yourselves when you were did ! 
there was tubs for dishes and glasswared here and there for you . 
no one liked to clean up after someone else's mess ! 
the ambience was eclectic and comfortable , with spacious outdoor seating . 
prices were reasonable - at least compared to chicago ! 
amazing , relaxing atmosphere , great for doing work or just chilling . 
top _num_ cappucino in the c - u area , easily wifi was rather slow . 
this espresso was divine . 
it was just delightful , and the employees were wonderful here the cafe was totally worth a visit . 
i lived locally and often went to kopi to study for tests . 
just watched your timing ! 
cafe kopi was hands down my favorite coffee shop in the cu area . 
i can not even counted the number of times i journeyed to kopi . 
my favorite thing to order in the winter was the gingerbread chai latte . 
it had the perfect combination of cinnamon , coffee , and gingerbread notes . 
in the summer i had iced tea . 
if you went there often , considered buying a kopi cup . 
you got discounts if you brought it in ! 
the atmosphere was what really got me . 
the wooden tables looked rugged , but they was so smooth ! 
there was local artwork on the walls that gave a `` hometown '' atmosphere . 
there was about _num_ or _num_ tables outside that you can sat at . 
avoid until they got over themselves . 
i loved this place ! 
it was a cool space , different wooden chairs/ tables and some chill tunes . 
they had awesome staff members and delicious drinks . 
i liked the americano , or mocha lattes . 
good coffee and environment with internet to do worked . 
love the wood table and chairs . 
need a study break ? 
getting sleepy ? 
grab one of their caffeinated drinks . 
i liked the outdoor tables . 
they had a ton of teas , baked goods and seating too . 
not many places offered almond , soy , and coconut milk . 
i appreciated the options since i can't had dairy . 
the music was softer than a few other places in town . 
around lunch time , it can was hard to find a table . 
check it out . 
i specifically loved their teas and lattes . 
literally , they used old desks from the university . 
the baristas were always super friendly , nice , and helpful . 
the coffee was solid and the food there was perfect for what it was . 
the drinks were good . 
food was ok . 
can was crowded& loud at times . 
love the ambience . 
the barristers were super friendly , the place was nice . 
to top it , they usually had some daily specials on expresso drinks ! 
what exactly was a four star coffee shop ? 
i had med not a coffee lover so my understanding of their prices was minimal . 
however , they did had bagels , croissants , and muffins . 
cafe kopi was large with many seating areas . 
they also had free wifi , which was a plus . 
i was a huge fan of fizzy water so they was both great ! 
i appreciated their consistent presence in downtown champaign . 
staff was always on point . 
i liked coffee . 
i liked vegetarian food . 
i liked good places to hang out and enjoyed both of these things . 
this place had that . 
plus sweet sugary treats . 
be there . 
one of the best spots i had had found during my time in c - u . 
the interior was really warm and cozy . 
they also had free wifi . 
so this place was definitely one of the gems in downtown champaign . 
it was very similar to aroma cafe and pekara bakery in the area . 
they had a larger seating space than the other cafes though . 
i double checked my balance and it was fine '' . 
call the bank if you wanted . 
but leaved . 
i needed you to leave the counter now '' but thanks anyway for throwing a little negativity my way . 
love the atmosphere here . 
coffee was delicious and services were very friendly . 
i really loved cafe kopi ! 
i also loved their chai latte ! 
ithis place had a very cozy feel to it ! 
i loved finding local hid gems and checking them out . 
though cafe kopi wasn't so hidden , the inside was completely unsuspecting . 
the crowd here was very friendly and surprisingly open . 
please tried it . 
what made this beverage pop was the honey . 
their great for staying and savoring your beverage or for on the go . 
when i thought of champaign i thought of cafe kopi . 
it had that cool , hipster coffee shop vibe that i craved . 
i recommended trying the red latte and chicken salad pita . 
those was my favorites . 
whenever i needed a place to relax i chose kopi . 
it was so cool seeing what other people left behind . 
check it out ! 
that was me being very picky , though . 
also , the service was always lacked . 
it was strange . 
happy that they was open on a sunday . 
i knew i visited more often . 
i only was here a couple of times . 
store was not at address on neil street . 
it was near hhgregg on prospect . 
this store , on par with most , was an extravaganza of the senses ! 
from chiffon by the bolt to potpourri fragrance packets , joann's stock assails ! 
can benefited from a trip ! 
say it with me now : blaaaaaaaaaand . 
i had had always ordered pad thai , and i liked it . 
that was the only thing i ordered whenever i went there . 
i dug nitaya . 
 : ) so much so , that ti deserved a five star . 
now , can we made the food a bit more exciting next time ? 
they can even specialized yours by making it more spicy if you wanted . 
nitaya thai was a good thai restaurant . 
their pad thai with chicken was very good . 
i found the portions to be more than enough and the pricing reasonable . 
go trya nitaya ! 
the food was good here , quite good actually . 
their pad thai was fairly good . 
it was not drowned with peanut sauce so you can actually tasted the tamarind . 
the decor was dated classic for a thai restaurant . 
they had a full bar , which was really nice . 
their green curry was delectable . 
i cooked thai food at home . 
i knew what different fish tasted like . 
nitaya , how did you survived ? 
the food was not offensively bad , just forgettable. ) 
the food was delicious . 
they gave you a free soup to begin , which was nice and warming . 
the waitstaff was friendly and professional . 
the only weird thing was how empty the place always was . 
this place was a health hazard . 
also , the few bites of pad thai that i did was awful . 
i understood , sometimes things may ended up in the food . 
my only issue was that the portions could were a little bit bigger . 
the space was weird , but made it different . 
feels like your at mom's house being served hot/ fresh , delicious food . 
sweet sweet , fast wait staff , lovely environment if only i 'd wrote this review so much sooner* smh* soooo yummy good food but they needed to be more consistent . 
in fact , i thought their food was the best thai in town . 
 , and a rice bean noodle dish i loved . 
i ordered everything medium , heat wise and it was still pretty hot . 
food was good too . 
this place had the best tom yum soup in all of champaign/ urbana ! 
didn't judged a book by its cover ! 
i wished they had mee krobbed with the red sweet& sour sauce . 
i liked my food really , really spicy . 
keep in mind i fixed tacos with bhut jolokias and habanero peppers . 
i liked spicy food . 
so far , it was my top in champaign . 
but i thought i 'll never visited this restaurant again . 
their food was average . 
nitaya thai never disappoints ! 
the crab rangoon was amazing . 
my fav was the pad thai . 
it was full of flavor . 
be careful when choosing your spice level ! 
medium spicy was plenty spicy and i loved spicy food . 
some of the best thai food i had in a long time . 
they had the best pad thai in town . 
if you were looking for real thai food went here ! 
have tried some of their noodles before which was good . 
that being said , it was definitely not my favorite place in the area . 
but eating there was just kind of depressing sometimes . 
this review was for took out service . 
warning checked your credit cards and bill ! 
what was worse ? 
do nt ate here unless you wanted a two month ordeal for fraud charges . 
avoid this dirty horrible establishment at all costs ! 
she stated because she didn't heard me spoke . 
anyway , reporting her to the health department . 
can i reported her to the police too for verbal assault ? 
decent pad thai that was prepared pretty quickly . 
my _num_ year old step daughter loved it too . 
never once got sick like some previous yelpers had . 
i thought i 'll just did that next time . 
consequently there was usually no room for negotiation with these guys . 
the worst was , they had bedbugs . 
jsm was timely , polite , friendly , and knowledgeable . 
praise was the three - lettered divinity that was jsm . 
jsm was great . 
*** update*** the roach problem was out of control . 
yup - - there was roaches in my water boiler . 
my apartment already was sprayed three times now . 
*** update*** hey , jsm ? 
why were you doing construction in our units while we was living here ? 
it felt like i had med living in the dust bowl . 
and no i didn't meant _num_ days . 
do i wanted to wake up to this for months ? 
we was just cash cows and you were sucking them titties til they crispied . 
you didn't gave a fuck about the people behind the rent . 
thanks a fuckton for drilling all over my clothes , purses , and shoes . 
and there was shit all over my bed . 
do i got a cleanup ? 
can i at least got a quarter of my monthly rent back ? 
oh by the way , the roaches were back too . 
parents , were aware of jsm . 
i still remembered the first day i moved in and carpet cleaned . 
jsm owned and poorly ran uptown crossing in normal , illinois . 
if you were thinking of renting here... didn't did it ! 
the apartments was not in good shape considering that they was fairly new . 
stay away from jsm properties... they should was sanctioned for their misrepresentations . 
it was sad how continually they was allowed to take advantage of their tenants . 
the construction was getting ridiculous at this point . 
spring break was over now . 
this was not right . 
it was not fair . 
i wanted my rent back . 
this was pushing a month . 
what was the point of paying$ 500+ for a sub - par storage room ? 
this was ridiculous . 
who did long construction while people was living there ? 
where was we supposed to go ? 
that was just not right . 
today was april _num_ , _num_ . 
you filled in the blanks about why jsm was getting a one star . 
the apartment was a mess . 
they didn't cared about their tenants . 
jsm was notorious for disrespecting their tenants . 
they , i quote , was `` dogs '' . 
did not give them your half+ grand a month . 
# nevertrustascamlord bet that made abuses of landlord - tenant trust pretty convenient . 
i valued a functioning filter , but not in this case . 
feel my anger and did not rent from jsm . 
i guessed ? 
that was weird because my apartment was still dirty . 
i had med still shaking out paint chips and sawdust from my clothes . 
thank you for ruining my leather bags and clothes with white paint dust . 
i had med a student . 
i needed somewhere to live . 
i did not have time to play maid , jsm . 
lol , jsm , why didn't you brought people in impromptu during construction ? 
watch out . 
send a cleaning crew for that , bitch . 
*** update*** jsm not responded to a single one . 
it was now the summer and they had yet to respond dear jsm , there was only _num_ desk that came with my apartment . 
just didn't rented from jsm . 
i hoped more students saw this review and informed their little sophomore friends . 
they was really nice and individually wonderful . 
the building was absolutely riddled with roaches . 
didn't even thought about leaving a glass of water out overnight . 
you forgot once and you were asking for trouble . 
this was the most disgusting experience of my life . 
avoid living here . 
it was ineffective . 
kid , you had it good . 
that aiedn't nothing . 
it was a huge waste of time . 
didn't lived here . 
yes , i had dead roaches falling out of my stuff . 
again , didn't lived here . 
i had had never saw any trash or lint lying around . 
the machines were always super clean . 
every common space just looked pristine . 
i really appreciated that . 
this unit was by far the worse unit you can possibly got yourself into . 
not to mention the place was infested with spiders ! 
the management office staff members were extremely rude and inefficient with their duties . 
did not live with them . 
they did not care at all about you . 
chinese herbs were the best solution to treat them . 
plus , herbs had no side effects beside it did not taste good . 
dr ge helped me twice with my health . 
dr. ge was my acupuncturist for over _num_ years . 
his knowledge and practice significantly improved the quality of my life . 
that statement always became true for me . 
i liked farren's pretty well for a happy hour type dinner . 
the grilled steak salad and sweet potato fries was my favorites . 
the everything - topped crackers that accompanied the salads were light , and a real treat . 
and their prices stayed the same for years now ( unreal , no? ) 
 , which translated into a good deal in _num_ . 
yes , they had good burgers and a mean veggie burger . 
but mostly , just went to farren's for the salads ! 
farren's was one of those hid gems you didn't found everyday . 
if its your first time time i defiantly recommended trying one of their burgers . 
i med not sure what was better their burgers or salads . 
they also had outstanding wings and beers ! 
farren's had a delicious , mouthwatering burger that put others to shame . 
it was that good . 
unless you were a vegetarian , or kosher or hindu . 
then you can refrained from the slapping , and just glare in frustration . 
fries were tasty too , but relatively standard fare . 
i had to say i was disappointed . 
have tried two desserts there - a carrot cake and a lemon pie . 
get a burger and a beer and you didn't were disappointed . 
the scallop salad was to die for . 
the restrooms can were nasty and were shared with a couple of adjoining restaurants . 
staff was great . 
food was great . 
place was great . 
i normally got the black bean tacos and loved them their food was awesome ! 
that earned respect from me on two levels - _num_ . 
you can saw into the kitchen ! 
and they was very knowledgeable about their food and their beer , etc... happy booze and burger - ing ! 
cheers this was my favorite restaurant in champaign ! 
i always got a bacon burger and it was amazing . 
i never had a burger under or over cooked . 
the fries were always good . 
i also loved their beer menu . 
i brought friends , family and girlfriend , with no complaints ! 
parking was not an problem with the parking deck right next door . 
they also had an amazing molten chocolatey dessert . 
and , i had had always had excellent service . 
we loved farren's for it was off - the - beat - path location and unexpectedly good food . 
my wife always got the strawberry and walnut salad . 
it was delicious . 
fortunately for me , she can never finished it . 
a great find . 
the key lime pie was also a must - had . 
the food was sooo good . 
but it was more then a pub . 
diver scalloped some times ! 
interesting and changing wine selections . 
i hated beer , but i heard they had a great selection . 
the leaving with a laugh way . 
this was my favorite . 
go there now and had a good burger . 
it satisfied the `` hard - core '' hunger . 
making my mouth water even now . 
i guessed the meat was kind of dry . 
i really didn't got what the big deal was with this place . 
this place was over rated . 
they used interesting local ingredients ( lemon chive potato salad was awesome ) . 
right now they had a special on krusovice , a great czech pilsner . 
service was fast and friendly at the bar . 
this improved somewhat . 
because that was what you 'll got in this poorly ventilated basement . 
 ( at least that was the best excuse i can thought of. ) 
the specials menu continued this high standard . 
i can only attributed the positive yelp reviews to heavy drinking . 
you were warned . 
it was the best burger in cu and regularly won awards for it . 
my personal favorite was the fish and chips , which ran$ _num_ . 
to me , it made no difference . 
so why was i giving this place three stars ? 
and then tossed the salad to mix in that pink dressing . 
upcharge to get fries or up - upcharge for sweet potato fries or the potato chips . 
basement felt , schmasement feel... it was a bar . 
cool how the bathrooms connected you to nearby thai and sushi restaurants . 
farren's pub& eatery was had a casual type of atmosphere . 
their burgers here were so delicious and juicy ! 
i had med almost getting hungry right now just thinking about it . 
the feel of the restaurant was cozy , the beer prices were good . 
the service was very friendly and everyone seemed happy to be there . 
this was definitely a regular in my restaurant rotation ! 
farren's was one of my favorite restaurants in town . 
the hamburgers here were very thick , so made sure you were hungry ! 
great burgers but i went for the chicken tacos for lunch . 
they had the best burger in champaign and their beer selection was surprisingly diverse . 
the burgers and salads were wonderful . 
i loved going to farren's for lunch . 
i usually got the steak salad , which was excellent . 
best burgers i ever had , probably . 
or at least the burgers that all other places were judged by . 
the russell was amazing... looking for great ambience ? 
look elsewhere . 
give me a russell or a motherlode with fries . 
there was often the option of texas kobe beef or bison for the burger . 
the staff was friendly . 
my boyfriend and i was there many times . 
we loved the relaxing and hipster atmosphere . 
the service was great - - everyone was genuinely friendly . 
the food was excellent . 
it was all pouring oil out the wazoo . 
prices were reasonable too . 
yes , it was in a sort of a basement almost . 
it was just far too greasy for me . 
this was a great hole in the wall place . 
it wasn't the easiest to find if youn't already were there . 
they had a lot of good food and the service was very courteous . 
staff was friendly . 
stop by if you got the chance . 
def a hole in the wall worth going to ! 
good food , hard to find , decent beer . 
this was an excellent upscale pub food place that was a go - to in c - u . 
thank you farrenned's ! 
i absolutely loved farren's ! 
i always ordered the steak salad... every time ! 
this was one great steak salad ! 
the service was always fast as well... even during their busy lunch rush ! 
it was a bit on the pricey side , but well worth it ! 
the salad was loaded down with steak . 
sirloin , i thought . 
finally , it was topped with big chunks of blue cheese ! 
definitely a place to try and went again and again ! 
it was nothing fancy , just a nice burger joint . 
i didn't let myself went to farren's often . 
here was an example of my average inner monologue during a farren's visit . 
oooh , beer i had had never had ! 
farren's was awesome . 
the service always was friendly and prompt . 
really hoped to go back before i graduated . 
this was the epitome of a hole in the wall restaurant with great food . 
the service was great , always friendly and very efficient . 
farrens , to say the least , became a home - away - from - home . 
anytime someone was looking for a good beer , i directed them here . 
this was definitely a champaign must ! 
the sum - up : pub food at it was finest . 
we was new to the area and heard good things about farren's . 
this place was gold ! 
these burgers were ridiculous . 
no one else came close . 
this was the 2nd time to this place in about _num_ years time . 
update ! 
they was toasty brown and delicious , especially when doused with malt vinegar . 
they also had a full bar and great apps , specials , and desserts . 
i sometimes just got the hummus plate app for dinner . 
and the fish n chips special was pretty darn good for being land locked . 
the environment was very layered back and the restaurant was fairly dim . 
they also had an excellent beer selection that varied from visit to visit . 
if fish and chips was on the special menu i got that . 
with winter came their chili which i can never got enough of . 
the beer selection was always superb . 
very grateful to be able to do something other than fries . 
you can told they was committed to having the best burgers in town . 
a bar ran a long the back , with tables scattered . 
the service was usually pretty good . 
they did the best they can when the place was slammed . 
the food was great . 
of coarse the burgers were what they was knew for . 
which was great . 
the salads were also really good . 
a great place to come for a beer and a meal . 
service always was friendly and efficient . 
usually busy , though i had had never waited long . 
 `` farren's had the best burgers in town. '' 
prices were not too expensive , though a bit higher than campus town . 
the location was a bit strange - sort of in a back alley . 
the burgers were indeed quite good ! 
lots to choose from on the menu . 
cooked perfectly and one of the best burgers i ever ate . 
i had med a firm believer that burgers can only were so good . 
that being said , these guys made a pretty good burger . 
beer selection was good . 
it was a nice atmosphere . 
everything was right there . 
definitely recommended giving it a try ! 
it was nothing special , neither good nor bad . 
wait staff was prompt and inviting . 
it was worth a try , right ? 
best food i had had had in c - u thus far . 
 ( a heart attack waiting to happen , but so good! ) 
caroline and her staff was the best ! 
i never felt more comfortable and welcome in any restaurant ! 
the food was consistently amazing and the specials were always outstanding . 
that stuff was fantastic , and totally worth every extra penny . 
beer selection was okay , and they rotated stuff throughout the year . 
staff was also very nice . 
still an excellent place to go . 
farrens may not have the fanciest atmosphere , but the burgers were great ! 
the fries were made from real potatoes , the service was very kind . 
you can told that they used high quality ingredients . 
fries were pretty standard , but burgers were fantastic . 
be cautious of the red hair waitress ! 
then why exactly was i paying upwards of$ _num_ for this frozen bullshit ? 
tortilla chips came standard and it was extra for fries ? 
farrens were a great place to eat ! 
the burgers were top notch ! 
the salad just finished the meal . 
chips and fries were both made in house and were pretty good . 
onion rings didn't came close to the cost . 
fish was okay . 
i wished they had better bread for everything . 
some of the waitstaff was just jerks . 
 `` hey , can i had an extra bleu cheese sauce , please? '' 
 `` you already had one. '' 
giant eyeroll and _num_ minutes to get it , despite the empty bar . 
there was a lot of other places to eat in cu . 
about the food - - the burgers were as good as any i had . 
the place got very busy . 
the staff hustles . 
they ran thru the maze of tables . 
they got everything right and maintained a cool composure . 
they was friendly and went out of their way to be helpful . 
i didn't gave many five star reviews , but this place deserved it . 
a good meat - to - bun - ratio and a manageable stack . 
but tortilla chips came standard with the burger , instead of fries ? 
it was slightly on the pricey side but you didn't were disappointed . 
hands down - farren's was awesome ! 
i always ordered the steak salad and my girlfriend had the scallop saladded . 
both was huge and loaded down with meat . 
service can was a little hectic , but great food at good prices . 
check it out ! 
food was always top notch . 
the only thing keeping me from _num_ stars was the service . 
she may as well said `` you were not welcome here . 
go away! '' 
frankly , i had med not sure when we went back . 
the black burger was bomb ! 
the burgers weren't the only good part . 
they had daily specials that always was satisfying and unique . 
they also had some stellar dark beers . 
only fries in champaign i can had with my soy , glutenned allergy . 
and they was amazeballs ! 
i had med enjoying an order now . 
them burgers was huge , boy . 
i did loved the taste of a good burger . 
i loved the open atmosphere . 
its slightly pricey , but the food was well worth it . 
and it was a wonderful difference . 
farren's had an awesome burger . 
this place was great . 
anything with blue - cheese and/or bacon was a winner . 
it did had its quirks , though . 
one of my favorite places to eat out in cu . 
they had a solid draft selection as well as a well - rounded menu . 
the spicoli was the first - timer's go - to . 
their* real* [emphasis on that] ginger ale was real . 
i had med not quite sure about the appetizers . 
but , it was definitely not a bad price . 
has more of a darker , but cheerful , environment compared to other bars . 
the russell was a must had . 
i recommended getting it with a kobe patty . 
farrens were not easily located as the entrance was down an alley . 
i thought that was what helped me ! 
this place was super casual . 
i was so glad i copied him . 
sweet fruity dressing , tasty scallops . 
also made sure you got the crackers that came with the salad ! 
apparently , their burgers were good too... . 
love me some farren's . 
hamburgers were their specialty , with the `` russell '' as their house style . 
i med gon na summed this up quickly . 
and i smelt like a resturant ! 
many told you this was the best burger in town . 
fries were very tasty . 
service was good . 
prices were a little steep for a burger . 
horrible , maybe burgers were good , but i did not like being ignored . 
the elaine salad was so yummy i definitely recommended it . 
their beer selection was a little limited i thought . 
on a weekend night there was usually a line if you arrived after _num_ . 
but it was great that way . 
give me a break . 
i wished this place was a `` locals only '' hid gem... great salads for anyone looking to have somethings a little lighter . 
the hostess was terribly rude and nasty . 
the seating was horrible . 
whenever you wanted a good burger , went to farrens . 
they put thought into their menu , and their burgers were cooked perfectly . 
the beer selection was good . 
the atmosphere was noisy . 
the wait was about 20 - 30 min on weekends . 
like many places in chambana the menu didn't changed from year to year . 
if you were calorie conscious take half of your burger home like i did . 
very good food , cozy little place , kinda difficult to find . 
not for folks in a hurry but worth it for those who waited this was the place to go to get burgers ! 
the place had such a personality , gave the house chips and hole - in - the - wall - osity . 
i had med craving it already . 
their kobe burger was filled with fun flavor . 
the portabello mushroom dish was actually two large fried mushrooms . 
it can was a tad difficult to get the waiters 'attention sometimes though . 
this may just was my favorite place to eat in c - u ! 
the staff always was really friendly too ! 
i loved farrens . 
the fries were ok . 
service was usually decent . 
price was a little high but i thought it was worth it . 
the appetizer of scallops was great ! 
plus they always had a decent and unexpected on - tap beer selection . 
this was slowly becoming a favorite go - to place . 
it was nothing fancy and probably didn't wanted to be . 
my only minor qualm with the place was the service . 
strongly recommended , 4/5 ! 
the food here was always top notch ! 
its just as good as anything i had had had in new orleans . 
always satisfying . 
definitely going to come back if i had med back in champaign . 
i ate here more times than i can remembered . 
the place was cramped and they was understaffed . 
i felt like more people in champaign should was talking about farren's . 
the food was well... american . 
you owed yourself to give it a try . 
highly recommended this restaurant ! 
but the food was excellent , there was no doubting it . 
highly recommended ! 
farren's was the definition of a hole in the wall restaurant in champaign . 
note : your whole party had to be present in order to be seated . 
this was due to their limited space . 
the price was a little steep compared to other burger places . 
i believed that it was worth it . 
the noise level was higher than average because it was such a small place . 
didn't let that stopped you . 
go to farren's ! 
they got busy and i understood that but sometimes too slow . 
the burgers were cooked to perfection and the onion rings were too good . 
it was in a weird location but i guessed it worked . 
you had to go here ! 
burgers were awesome ( and huge ) . 
staff was always friendly . 
this was probably the best burger i even had . 
and i didn't said that lightly . 
the servers were running around and helping everyone at once . 
do yourself a favor and planned to not eat dinner and ate lunch here . 
i had med just gon na said it : the best burgers in town . 
i was honestly obsessed with farren's . 
the burgers were phenomenal . 
just didn't expected fancy decor and you 'll were good ! 
i repeatedly tried this place but they.get.it right only.1 out if _num_ times . 
their burgers were unmatched . 
but honestly that was part of why i loved it . 
farren's was fantastic , didn't missed it . 
definitely going again ! 
their ground beef was unreal . 
it was a disservice to the burger to put ketchup on these badboys . 
they cooked them well - did , and still they was juicy and tasty ! 
my favorite was the spiccoli , it was swiss , mushroom and onions . 
my brother convinced me to eat downtown instead of going out for indian . 
i heard a number of good things about farren's so i agreed . 
i liked holes in the wall , but boy was this one . 
so that was what i ordered . 
i did found the place to be a bit dirty . 
advice : ate quickly and got out . 
these burgers were absolutely amazing ! 
this place was great ! 
if you were a vegetarian the veggie burger was a must tried ! 
my boyfriend absolutely loved this place . 
i had med a little indifferent . 
i wished they had dijon mustard - only plain yellow mustard was available . 
boy was i jealous he can enjoyed red meat this much ! 
and it was a yes . 
we decided to meet there at 6 : 30 . 
we parked , and walked to farrens . 
we went down the ramp into farrens . 
i made eye contact with the server he pointed to a table . 
no one else saw him pointed to the table . 
and i had med like... did you knew who i was ! 
 ( seemed to be a recurring theme , that triptych stuff was everywhere ) . 
i ordered a beer on draft , the lady ordered a beer on draft . 
the sister asked `` did you only had that craft stuff on draft? '' 
she got , i thought , a coors light . 
how can you drank mass produced beer with craft food ? 
kridz orders the mozzarella sticks . 
i got the portabella mushroom appetizer . 
the moz sticks were moz sticks . 
nothing too fancy ( it seemed ) about them . 
hell , this thing was practically a meal to itself . 
if this was on the menu , got it . 
and i had med like `` uh... that was butter '' . 
then they was like `` who put butter in their mac an cheese? '' 
butter made everything better , as did bacon . 
i finished my burger . 
i had blue cheese sauce throughout my mustache and beard . 
thus was the struggle i dealt with . 
i had another beer . 
everyone else finished eating . 
farren's was the prototypical hole - in - the - wall establishment . 
but every time i went there , it was packed to the door . 
the food was amazing . 
i loved the green chile cheeseburger because it reminded me of home . 
ask them to replace the pepper jack cheese with cheddar . 
ask for extra salsa ! 
not open late . 
be prepared to wait . 
i had the bacon bbq chicken sandwich and the chips . 
flag down someone by waving and shouting ) then another 15+ to be seated . 
food , whenver they got around to bringing it . 
nothing particularly good to say about the food . 
why bothered ? 
i meant it wasn't bad , but... . 
the portions were pretty hefty . 
probably the best onion rings i had had had at uiuc . 
for your money i thought the place was great . 
not that that made them plain , by any stretch . 
but just understood , that was their focus and what they did best . 
thumbs up to them for trying new things . 
it was not much for ambiance , except it nailed the neighborhood pub ambiance . 
i loved farren's burgers . 
i found them to be too salty . 
they also had good salads , if you wanted some lighter fare . 
definitely it was the last time that we chose this place yup , i had med a fan . 
the truffle chips were good , usually a few under - cooked ones that slipped by . 
if you wanted a fancy restaurant got the f out of a corn field . 
after - all this was a bar , in a basement , in a college town . 
they made good burgers . 
i thought i needed to return and had the russell . 
it was not a huge place , but we 'll worth any wait . 
which burgerred you like best depended on your taste . 
as for appetizers , we had had tried the buffalo wings with blue cheese dressing . 
i had had swore to get this every time i went back . 
back to the good , we liked the atmosphere at farren's . 
it was got a relaxed , grew - up , neighborhood gastro - pub feel . 
there was no parking lot specifically for farren's . 
the 4/5 was due to size . 
this was a great place for high quality food and a nice time . 
their burgers were huge and they gave you tons of fries . 
if you wanted large portions of great food went here . 
if you wanted dim lighting , few distractions , and nice seating went here . 
maybe they was understaffed . 
 _num_ stars for food _num_ stars for value _num_ stars for service what was not to love ? 
the worker over there was rude ! 
what kind of customer service was this ? 
this place had the worst service ever . 
when you had people being served cups of ice cream gave them a spoon . 
this place was in need of training help . 
i knew . 
 ( can you said cheated day ? 
dunkin donuts iced coffee was cheap and rad . 
this location was convenient and was hardly ever busy . 
too expensive for what it was . 
i loved dunkin 'donuts . 
the donuts were pretty good . 
however , not all the donuts were in stock at a gave time . 
i appreciated having someplace to grab a snack with early morning black friday shopping . 
i loved the dunkin on green and neil . 
i stopped by for coffee on twice a week before an evening class . 
there was one lady that i always saw and she was super friendly ! 
the donuts here tasted stale and the employees weren't the most welcoming people . 
this location seemed to be out of the donuts i wanted consistently . 
this place was really fast with their drive thru service and their indoor service . 
i enjoyed getting the$ _num_ coffee . 
their breakfast items were good . 
i liked their egg and sausage croissant . 
dunkin donuts coffee was best enjoyed with cream and sugar . 
usually went in car , but no more . 
as i wrote this i had med at panerai having a tastey bagel sandwhich . 
the donuts were stale monday - saturday . 
sundays they was fresh . 
why did they kept putting them out ? 
love the$ _num_ coffee and the egg and cheese croissants . 
i had several pairs of pants hummed here . 
always an apology and a request to come back tomorrow . 
they also took forever ! 
what was that lesson ? 
didn't went to yong's ! 
unfortunately i also thought that language was a barrier . 
i worked with yong's for about _num_ years . 
the great impasta had some extremely rich and luscious food . 
the chef tried hard to incorporate lots of ingredients from local farms . 
to make the experience perfect , the service i was absolutely wonderful . 
that was extremely rare on our friday nights in downtown cu . 
it was honestly pretty good . 
the service was attentive without being obnoxious . 
the fresh , hot bread was always good . 
excessive grease was used . 
also , avoided goin on the thursday nights . 
they had a stupid live band . 
go to perkins instead ( if you had dietary restrictions ) or biaggi's ( reserve online if you hated waiting+ wanted good food ) the service was attentive but not obnoxious , and the bread was always great . 
i liked to be able to* saw* my food . 
the great impasta was fantastic . 
their lunch menu had excellent selections . 
the service was exceptional as well . 
didn't tried it at home ) . 
go while you can . 
the food was good , the bartenders amenabled , the staff fantastic . 
go now . 
log off the damn computer , hopped a flight if you had to . 
and the food was solid , saved the strogonoff . 
didn't leaved impasta , i loved you . 
update : 6/20 . 
i was there for lunch . 
nothing of that was left , the memories barely . 
bottom line : avoided like the plague . 
to make matters worse , the lighting in place felt like stage spotlights . 
i missed the old downtown champaign location . 
the urbana restaurant lacked the charm and cozinessed that the great impasta once had . 
let me first prefaced my review with some background . 
i had no such high expectations from the local `` eye - talian '' businesses . 
perhaps this seemed a harsh review . 
so it was with ethnic cuisine . 
a lot just depended upon what you were used to . 
slowest service i had had ever had in my life . 
it pained me deeply to give the great impasta only two stars . 
the food was a pale ghost of its former self . 
the pasta was often over cooked . 
the sauces which used to be very special became indifferent . 
original commitment to quality was key to success . 
what a difference removing a little brake dust made ! 
this , my friends , were great service ! 
worst service i ever received at a subway . 
this was the worst subway in champaign - urbana ! 
this store was ok . 
night at _num_ pm to pick up a sandwich . 
what kind of a manager was that ? 
 `` no work trucks in parking lot '' all of their stuff was clean , high - quality and youthful . 
the frequent buyer/ seller card didn't hurt either . 
i definitely had better luck at tj maxx for sure . 
lately though things changed . 
i almost always found something great . 
i didn't knew but i had med pleased . 
it took soooo much effort to find anything . 
what everyone was wearing from the mall . 
overall though plato's wasn't a bad place . 
that was simply not true . 
i had had saw plenty of great brands and unique pieces . 
if you were willing to dig there was some great stuff here . 
too many mall brand names that was just in bad taste . 
i usually stuck to buying over selling . 
i had med also surprised by some of the negative reviews posted for new life . 
lunchbox was an awesome artist with a good sense of humor . 
i loved the atmosphere in here . 
so really , there was nothing else to say . 
this was just the place to go . 
i had med pretty shocked by the reviews here . 
also , they accepted credit cards , but you should totally payed cash . 
asshole credit card companies charged these guys way too much to use their service . 
pay cash and went to new life ! 
lunchbox was awesome ! 
definitely checked this place out , a central part to campus culture . 
i also appreciated his honesty . 
he didn't sugared coat anything , which was a trait i really appreciated . 
i had had always felt so welcome here , and i highly recommended it . 
lunchbox lived up to his reputation ! 
okay , i had med gon na gave this place a _num_ started rating . 
gross , i knew . 
it was a tough call on this place . 
he also had two tattoos that looked really amazing . 
they was understaffed today , which was totally acceptable considering it was spring break . 
i will totally was going back for any other piercings i wanted . 
lunch box was amazing ! 
i definitely recommended for all piercings . 
we all loved our tattoos ! 
lunch box was the go to guy ! 
my tattoo was great and i med super happy with it ! 
i liked _num_ hours away but its sooooooo worth the trip ! 
i had med not sure ) . 
he marked my ears . 
i went through with it . 
well , it was the next day and it looked like garbage . 
in't heard anything back . 
there was no way that i can went to work with this . 
probably going to take them out if they didn't completely healed by january . 
i had had never had keloids... but that dude was beyond proud/ stubborn . 
avoid this dude at all costs . 
the place itself was very interesting . 
the minimum was$ _num_ which was great considering they was right on campus . 
every experience i had had was so positive . 
lunchbox did mine , he was awesome . 
they had a minimum charge of$ _num_ , but i highly recommended them ! 
it also had pitchers of pbr and oldstyle for cheap . 
even more fun was the live music performed when i was there this week . 
the bar was dark and a little dusty . 
there was a few video games and even a megatouch . 
if you wanted a great layered back joint nearby , tried bunny's . 
i had had only was to the rose bowl on one particular night , tuesday . 
they had bluegrass music . 
it was always was fun , pitchers were cheap . 
it was dark and had a dive bar feel . 
the only food available was tater chips . 
this tavern was like chesney's song `` when i saw this bar '' regulars and new comers alike felt at home here . 
and lacked any sort of smash that would made them worth paying for . 
they didn't exactly melted in your mouth . 
also , lack of free wireless made academic types very sad . 
fun place to stop for a treat if you were trecking across campus . 
i had had was to the urbana location twice . 
oh well for an illinois treat : ) i loved their chocolate selection . 
they played with different flavors , different shapes , and different combinations . 
i especially like their ice cream cone shaped candies . 
and their coffee drinks were to die for ! 
know what you were getting into . 
the drinks were worth trying but it was not great . 
which one was you ? 
their dark chocolate bars were pretty cheap and pretty yummy . 
moonstruck was definitely not my cup of tea . 
not cool . 
moonstruck was a mixed bag of goodies for me . 
on one hand , they had some amazing drinks , especially their hot chocolates . 
they did had a very nice second floor , though . 
are coffee places even allowed to not have wireless anymore ? 
i wondered what happened/ what was going to go in there instead . 
moonstruck was closed ? 
i never wanted to go on another date again= ( you were overpriced and full of yourself ( really , charging for wifi ? 
i missed this place . 
but only when it was `` bub's. '' 
not that that was a bad thing for college . 
; p i just missed my little bub's . 
eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww this place was only good for picking up dumb underage girls . 
this place was unbelievably shit . 
did not go there . 
there was way too many underage drinkers . 
it was crowded . 
and the staff never seemed to remember who had wrist bands . 
these guys didn't . 
they didn't . 
all in all , it was a shit bar . 
didn't went there . 
red lion was where dreams came true . 
you didn't put drunk people on a stage without some precautions , guys . 
always drunk people standing on tables and spilling beer . 
the large wrap around bar meant no lines . 
who knew ? 
however , the place was pretty nasty . 
yup , it was that kind of place . 
even when you did got served , it appeared everything was really expensive . 
the inside bouncers/ barbacks usually weren't too bothersome . 
i really didn't knew . 
the outside bouncers/ door guys were even more aggravating . 
i now had a creased driver's license . 
phone number was incorrect . 
always covered for any age and drinks was mediocre . 
are you a fan of dancing on tables ? 
then this was the place for you . 
drinks were cheap enough , but there was a cover charge... dirtiested bar ever ! 
this was one of the nicer taco bells that i had had ever was to . 
they also made a nice triple steak burrito . 
i was only giving two stars because of the drive through . 
it was notoriously slow . 
and there was no way to get out of line either . 
this happened every time i used the drive through . 
avoid ! 
food always was ok but the soap issue was a deal breaker . 
how i missed wine night on tuesday nights ! 
; ) i missed dollar corona night ! 
not sure if they still had it . 
probably because the bartenders wore button - downs and ties . 
there was always a line at this place and there was always a cover . 
this was a place to see and was saw . 
definitely the place to be on tuesday's for$ _num_ bottles of wine . 
it got crowded on the weekends and the building was actually pretty nice . 
i liked how it was set up . 
they served food and there was a coffee bar in the front ! 
the decor was great - cleaned up very nicely , looked really classy . 
also... was there draft beer ? 
so , everyone on the dance floor can saw you while you waited . 
sometimes guys knocked . 
wine night - how i loathed/ heart thee . 
always a pretty long line to get in . 
this bar was definitely making a comeback . 
they was also a coffee bar by day ? 
but i guessed they was one of the nicer ones now . 
oh , except this party also charged$ _num_ cover . 
writing this review as i sat inside the floor - to - ceiling windows . 
nothing like coming home for the holidays...* new decor , new dance floor , new seating , pretty awesome* local djs who played decent dance music* went here if you liked to dance ( or at least attempt ) . 
otherwise avoided . 
and wow was there a difference . 
the space was optimized . 
in fact , this bar seemed designed for dancing . 
i had to say that the bathrooms were pretty decent . 
the drink specials were nice in my opinion . 
tuesdays were wine night , where you can got bottles for$ _num_ . 
thursdays were$ _num_ skyy/ wild turkey and chaser night . 
and even saturdayed the pricing was decent . 
there wasn't very much selection , but welcomed to campus bars . 
the clientele in there ranged from nerds to the simply fratastic . 
girls that tended to frequent this bar seemed to be pretty friendly to me . 
if you wanted to avoid cover got here before _num_ . 
the bouncers didn't messed with you unless you gave them reason to . 
the crowd was very diverse and energetic . 
see you again soon cly's ! 
the menu had plenty of choices for everyone . 
there was a nice selection of appetizers , sandwiches , salads , and pizzas . 
they also offered nice coffee drinks and university employees got a discount ! 
what was better than that ? 
lots to choose from on the menu and the service was quick and friendly . 
have was back several times and tried different menu items and always enjoyed . 
try the irish nachos . 
clybourne's was excellent . 
drinks were very weak . 
too loud to hear anything . 
floor was very slippery . 
joes had a better dance floor . 
firehaus had more class . 
cover charges _num_ . 
even longer restroom lines _num_ . 
listening to ridiculously - loud music while patrons `` dance '' , a.k.a . 
this place was the best for dancing . 
didn't got me wrong . 
you needed to be eight shots deep to enjoy this place . 
this was a place for undergrads that wanted to get hammered and danced . 
if you didn't liked to dance , did nt came . 
you were paying five dollars to stand and listened to really loud music . 
this was also one of the few ethnically diverse bars on campus . 
there was a reason this line was so big every weekend . 
clys had people of every race and very attractive ones at that . 
the drinks were so - so , but i loved the dancing here . 
people was very... unique and spontaneous with their moves . 
it was a great time for just$ _num_ cover on a weekend . 
like their music which was more hip - hop . 
i effing hated this place . 
smells like puke . 
literally everything from floor to ceiling was somehow sticky and drank spillage was everywhere . 
drinks were okay... but just okay . 
ugggh i hated this subway . 
i agreed , quite likely the worst subway on the planet . 
the employees did not care _num_ % about you , or your order . 
i agreed with the previous two reviewers . 
 ( breakfast subs were available from 7 - 11 ) silvermine next door was so much better . 
this place was wonderful . 
go here . 
i guessed they was ordered to cease and desisted by the recording industry . 
there was no call to ever patronized a lackluster video . 
rentertainment had what you wanted . 
i had med probably the only person alive who remembered that . 
you wanted it . 
they most likely had it . 
you can probably found leftovers still being gave away in the store . 
dvds was also for sale here . 
a venerable campus institution that saved countless students from blockbuster and general boredom . 
just walked through it once and you 'll understood . 
oh and checked out the best b - movie list . 
that was an amusing drunken evening just waiting to happen . 
suck it , blockbuster - rentertainment til i died . 
check imdb/ rottentom movie ratings/ reviews before you rented . 
they had a computer hooked up to the internet in the store ! 
top movie rental lists for each genre were put up all around the store . 
this place really spoilt you . 
http : // www.apple.com/itunes/store/movies.html sued them ? 
this was my favorite movie rental place of all time . 
their foreign film selection was unsurpassed . 
i had to echo all the praise for rentertainment that other gave it . 
i missed it so much now that i left champaign . 
best place to rent movies ever . 
i missed you , rentertainment ! 
it was the only home - video option in c - u for the non - brain dead crowd . 
the most extensive selection of movies i had had ever saw at a rental place . 
and the bluray section was fantastic ! 
they was sometimes friendly , sometimes rude , and always very slow . 
i was a movie buff and this place had it all . 
i loved this place ten fold . 
the place had the total package : rentertainment did and they was there to help . 
the selection was huge . 
here was a case where looks were deceiving . 
it was impressive . 
the staff was casual and nice . 
at blockbuster or hollywood , i found that their service sucked . 
at rentertainment you got caring people . 
the rentals were very reasonably priced . 
they offered packages and these packages offered killer savings . 
they had a section for that . 
puts facets to shame . 
they seemed to have everything . 
secondly... its pretty cheap if you bought a renters block . 
best place to get movies in champaign , handed down . 
it was kind of like a physical version of netflix . 
they got everything . 
the selection was magnificent and the community aspect was highly unique among video stores . 
one of the best local rental places in the area i had had was too . 
check this place out . 
two yelp stars were expressed as `` meh . 
i had had experienced better. '' 
it was old technology and it needed to die . 
for champaign , these guys really had an outstanding collection of rare films . 
in short more pros this store had the largest collection of tv - on - dvd ( my favorite section! ) 
i had had ever saw . 
they also had a large blu - ray section . 
they was also the best value in town . 
the have specials almost every day , and new releases were only$ _num_ . 
it was a small space with dvds stacked floor to ceiling on every wall . 
new releases and specials were easy to find in the front of the store . 
however , the bulk of the collection was in tall , narrow aisles . 
warning : the red meters were super - expensive and limited to _num_ minutes ! 
there was no delivery option , and of course no instant - streaming option . 
bottom line it was simple to rent there and they always met my needs . 
with 35 , 000+ dvds , they had the best movie selection in town . 
chambanites , you were lucky to have such a wonderful video rental store in - town . 
rentertainment had a large and good selection of movies to choose from . 
if you were desperate for the newest blockbuster , there was always redbox . 
my advice was to sign up for a block and was bold . 
if you rented movies from anywhere else , you sucked . 
we knew you had a car , you lazy bastard . 
they had nearly everything and the employees were extremely knowledgeable and personable ! 
champaign - urbana was lucky to have this place . 
prices were reasonable and certain genres were discounted on certain days . 
i hoped this place stuck around for a long time ! 
i loved the play on the name... . 
i thought it was great . 
we visited them many times and felt comfortable with their level of service . 
rentertainment was the best deal bar none . 
they had nearly everything and the employees were extremely knowledgeable and personable ! 
i recommended buying a block . 
that made the price lower and you can kept the movie longer . 
this place was amazing . 
renting here kicked netflix's ass if you were on campus frequently . 
i really missed having a place like this . 
i had med so glad this place was here ! 
this place was the best for rentals . 
we was so lucky to have a place like this in town . 
the people who worked there was always nice . 
that was rentertainment was the obvious answer . 
if you liked foreign films there was no other place , period . 
their selection in just about every genre was incredible . 
staff was super cool and helpful . 
get a block of _num_ movies for$ _num_ ! 
i appreciated your collection . 
i loved this place ! 
definitely recommending getting a block . 
the staff was kind and helpful decent specials , but one of the more expensive bars on campus . 
 , the drinks were overpriced , and the place was always super packed . 
one good thing was that the drinks were ridiculously cheap . 
shots were$ _num_ , pitchers can were as low as$ _num_ . 
hey girls - this review was wrote for you . 
it was not worth it . 
great dance floor and quite amusing watching girls tried to pole dance . 
plus not a lot of college kids can drank dirty martinis nor ordered them . 
being a grad student , i thought the appeal was usually lost . 
however it was a lot trashier in quality than brother's . 
for traditional patties , you had to choose a 1/4 or 1/2 pound burger . 
no thanked you . 
yikes... they really needed to improve their service . 
second biggest problem was that nothing came out at the same time . 
also , between each visit from our waitress , there was a long wait . 
it was also unfortunate that their _num_ bud light draft special was broke . 
i had med thoroughly disappointed . 
they had had got some really great specials ! 
customer service was pretty lax , but not necessarily poor . 
restrooms were clean... enough . 
drinks were reasonably priced . 
service was decent . 
this place was cavernous ! 
you can walked around in there and kept finding little niches to stand . 
ample tvs for game watching and great college spirit . 
this was one of my favorite bars on campus . 
but only went there late if your planning on getting wild . 
the drinks were mediocre . 
where can i started with this place ? 
it was the greatest creation ever . 
this bar alone changed humanity . 
this was a great spot for lunch or early dinner . 
the place got super crowded and the music was deafening . 
they was alright . 
i had med guessing the grill just hadn't was cleaned in a while... if you wanted a good burger , went to seven saints or destihl . 
this place felt just like your local frat house . 
reviewing joe's solely based on their food , which was surprisingly delicious . 
i had had had most of the burgers without mushrooms . 
like there was much worse things going on at this campus than this . 
joe's was soft . 
high key soft for allowing this . 
if your not _num_ didn't even bothered showing up . 
it was easy to get bored . 
the service was incredible ! 
however , i had had still somehow got some awful haircuts in my tenure . 
it was always perfect , and she communicated really well . 
that sucked . 
she was also really personable and knew all her customers by name . 
i also referred a few friends who also loved debbie . 
the hair salon next door , lando was a rip off . 
overall , hb was great , even for guys . 
they totally listened to your needs and you ended up walking out feeling good . 
the prices were reasonable for the area and service was great . 
for a guys haircutted , it was the perfect price for what i got . 
it was quick too and i never waited long . 
the stylists were nice and friendly . 
she was a nice lady who knew what she was doing . 
tracy was great ! 
great , helpful staff always made you felt welcome . 
very friendly service and everything was homemade on the premises . 
mmmmmmm i loved the cookie jar . 
the regular cookies were also really good . 
they always seemed to be ever so slightly underdone , which i loved . 
the prices were reasonable and the staff was very friendly . 
are they fancy and unique flavors likely to be featured in gourmet magazines ? 
are they straight - up delicious ? 
their cookies were delicious ! 
hands downs , best cookie was the buttercreme sandwich . 
this place had the best cookies and customer service ! 
their staff was so nice and accommodating . 
their cookies , all varieties , were absolutely amazing . 
my favorite was the sugar cookie with icing . 
the price was right and so was the location . 
but their cookie was creamy and sweet . 
the good : - the cookies was just delicious . 
 - the prices were reasonable . 
 - the service here was great . 
the meh : more obvious signage may was beneficial . 
ed was the nicest owner there was . 
his cookie cakes were amazing . 
and didn't even tried the double doozies because you were addicted . 
great local place with great treats at great prices ! 
thank you cookie jar ! 
prices were very reasonable ! 
lots to choose from too ! 
cookies were awesome ! 
i loved the peanut butter ! 
the rooms were big , so at first bromley felt like a good deal . 
if your goal was to party constantly , this was your dorm . 
made some great friends , many of which i still hangouted with... much better than she described . 
funny she also mentioned the elevators . 
those was some good stories : - ) maided service . 
it can was good , it can was bad . 
never attempted to order food for delivery from here . 
there was much better drunk food . 
there was much better sober food . 
chipotle was better than this qdoba for fast food burritoeed , i definitely chose qdoba over chipotle . 
do yourself a favor and got something better . 
qdoba was a pretty decent fast - food mexican place . 
worse yet they kept very inconsistent hours when students were away . 
also the lines at lunchtime can were ridiculous , which was sad . 
it was more expensive than taco bell and similar price to chipotle . 
at least used a mixed cheese blend ! 
on top of that , their hours were all over the place . 
chipotle was open more frequently . 
it was worth waiting in line at chipotle . 
never any lines to worry about here ! 
not a smile to be found . 
who was in charge here ? 
makes me wondered whether the meat was beyond its expiration date too . 
an empty restaurant like qdoba spoke for itself . 
i had had heard this same story from others . 
evidently his time was much more important than mine . 
i brought both of my golden retrievers to this small grooming business . 
no one did a better job on goldens , or loved dogs more ! 
now there was even no cigarette smoke . 
both employees loved dogs and were very friendly ! 
 _num_ stars really was more accurate... the variety was amazing - the prices... . 
they tended to be a little high . 
he had a great sensibility and i loved the window displays ! 
i also loved the location . 
sometimes , they was just not open when they was supposed to be . 
i really loved this place . 
sarah at hancock fabrics was wonderful ! 
i really enjoyed shopping there when she worked there . 
they outsourced the repair to another company out in bloomington . 
overall , the service was much there than at joanne ! 
if you can , checked out hancock fabrics ! 
i regretted chosing champaign dental group . 
i never heard of this . 
this place was just alright . 
she had a technique where the shots did not hurt too bad . 
i usually had a problem with them billing my insurance as well . 
like many other reviewers , i suffered some bad experiences at champaign dental . 
on a better note , the hygienist , mandi , was wonderful . 
didn't trusted this place . 
i really enjoyed the dental hygienist i saw . 
her technique was great , and my visits were quick and painless . 
dr. kuo was great as well . 
i was glad i checked with another dentist first ! 
did not go to champaign dental ! 
i hated going to the dentist , despised it even . 
because of this latter fact , i told all my coworkers about it ! 
definitely recommended ! 
nice staff and very helpful with getting me in fast and inexpensive . 
this place was a scam . 
it was terrible . 
shame on you , dr. colin ! 
as stated in other reviews these people was scam artists . 
she proceeded to tell me that today's visit was$ _num_ . 
 _num_ weeks later i had med back to get the filling replaced . 
she came back a minute later and said ok now i remembered you . 
i didn't even knew where to begin . 
keep in mind in't had a cavity since my baby teeth... probably at least _num_ years ago . 
 : ( did not go here ! 
stay away from these money hungry thieves ! 
funny because our insurance covered visits , and fillings ! 
stay away from these money hungry thieves ! 
funny because our insurance covered visits , and fillings ! 
didn't went here . 
again only replying because they cared about her teeth , lol ! 
horrible customer service and did not care about their patients . 
all they cared about was money and not the patient's needs . 
 : ) grateful patients , the thomas family i wished i can gave zero star ! 
i wanted to do once . 
then they sent bills later of the service date . 
never ever went to this one ! 
it was crispy and chewy and filled with yummy cheese . 
they tasted just like the ones at panda express . 
over - all it was a pleasure to eat here and i will definetly went back ! 
my favorite chinese place to get lunch in champaign ! 
 : ) i also really appreciated their service . 
let me saved you the trouble of coming here . 
rainbow garden was basically all talk and no walk . 
go to peking garden instead . 
these guys at rainbow garden needed to lighten up ! 
i did nt knew . 
hungry enough for it again when i was in champaign ? 
didn't believed some of the whiney reviewers on this site... it was a chinese restaurant for god's sake ! 
inexpensive/ plentiful lunch options and relatively quick delivery time made this an excellent choice . 
i typically stuck the chicken dishes , but the mooshu ( sp? ) 
plates were amazing . 
rg really cared about its customers . 
rainbow garden was great for dining in or taking out . 
the service was excellent and the food was always fantastic . 
nice place was back multiple times . 
i had had ordered delivery from this place in the past . 
i was surprised to enter a clean and quiet place . 
you didn't saw many places like that at asian restaurants . 
my boyfriend and i grew to have bigger appetite over the month . 
 : ) didn't got me wrong , their delivery service was fast and good also . 
this food was legit . 
i always ordered delivery from here . 
i usually never had anything to complain about because rainbow garden was great . 
but , their owners/ managers were always so angry for some reason . 
this was not the way to handle customer service , people ! 
braised chicken/ shrimp/ whateverelse protein was always good . 
try anything . 
the service was rude here . 
they was impersonal and impolite . 
the food was ok , nothing outstanding but not horrible . 
in short : food was decent but service was horrible . 
it was fairly reasonably priced , the decor was nice ( i.e . 
the food was good , i supposed . 
i wished they gave me some more rice though . 
i liked a lot of rice . 
i was going to this place for years . 
i swore they got even better recently . 
i had other things from here previously that i also really enjoyed . 
the prices were reasonable and the delivery charge was understandable . 
also the fact that they had online ordering now was a big plus . 
we sooooed over ordered . 
we had at least two meals each to take home with us . 
we ordered from here on a regular basis . 
delivery was always very quick . 
the restaurant was actually much bigger than you would perceived from the outside . 
rainbow garden was solid and authentic . 
you can told that they cared about presentation with regards to their dishes . 
their menu was pretty unique and the house specials were delicious . 
i was ordering food from rainbow garden for ten years . 
their food was delicious , it was always hot , and delivery was fast ! 
rainbow garden was also a great spot for lunch . 
but the food quality here was very good and everything tasted fresh . 
i had med a fan . 
go there . 
it was a much more enjoyable experience than typical mid - west delivery` chinese 'food . 
look at your receipt ! 
the food quality was ok . 
the price was never a problem for me to be honest . 
the biggest problem was their service . 
the staff there was rude and impolite . 
take home : i 'll was trying out a new chinese place next time . 
this place however always hit the spot for me . 
though i thought the atmosphere was very cozy and welcoming . 
everything here was very clean as well . 
quick service that was very friendly . 
a large menu , and all was very well made and prepared . 
i always loved the dumplings ( how can anybody not love them ) . 
the different types of pork , chicken , and beef were all excellent . 
from sweet n sour to bbq or stirred fry . 
though the gekkeikan plum wine was amazing . 
i liked the place for the atmosphere and of course the food . 
i always ordered sizzler beef which it was good . 
has authentic stuff and americanized stuff like orange chicken too . 
we loved rainbow garden ! 
the food was a bit high - priced but it was worth it . 
the food wasn't greasy at all and the flavor was excellent . 
worth a try if youn't already . 
the portions were generous and the food was tasty . 
i had med giving this place _num_ stars . 
the only down side was that i didn't got to champaign often enough . 
how did you messed up a fried rice ? 
the food was also pretty good and the portions were on the larger side . 
the delivery speed was pretty fast , around _num_ minutes . 
she was pretty happy with both the quality and the quantity of the food . 
* for good drinks* for good shows** for awesome outdoor seating cowboy monkey was a fairly nice bar in downtown champaign . 
in the winter it kind of sucks because the indoor seating was fairly limited . 
and that ed only in the summer . 
the kitchen was closed in the winter months . 
cowboy monkey tried a bit too hard . 
and on friday nights was absolutely infested with frat bros. wtf . 
how can you not serve food after midnight ? 
geez , alcohol made me so hungry ! 
you lost , buddy . 
also , let me pointed out that the dj kind of sucks . 
anyways , had fun in your own way . 
this was a review for their sunday night trivia . 
the beer specials were pretty good , i had to give them that . 
trivia were a cross between the way boltini's and canopy did it . 
 _num_ max per team; you picked your team name . 
there was breaks for bathroom etc . 
the format needed significant tweaking . 
the first question of each round was worth _num_ and the last _num_ points . 
this problem was compounded as points racked up for the final calculation . 
also , the strict adherence to narrow categories didn't worked . 
the food here was excellent . 
they opened just in time for ebertfest at the end of april . 
i had med still out$ _num_ to them , three days later . 
so , i had med not too pleased with the place . 
they had had also started sunday night trivia which became a big hit . 
definitely worth checking out ! 
to top off our bad experience , this place stole your money . 
that was not ok ! 
i had med not . 
it was crowded . 
the service sucked . 
the drinks were watery . 
the food was just... . 
and it was loud . 
that ship sailed . 
it was not though . 
now i avoided it like that plague . 
love the salsa dancing here ! 
cowboy monkey was a solidly mediocre bar . 
the liquor and beer selection was about average for champaign . 
as long as i had med griping , i wanted to mention the bathrooms . 
fix your locks , cheapskates . 
also during this time the food was great ! 
trivia were fun on sunday's with dave . 
great food& patio cowboy... thanked you for being free entry . 
thanks derek ! 
great staff rad stage , fun bartenders , vegan options , all you can ate chips and salsa , outdoor seating , it was perfect rock n roll club ! 
they had a huge drink menu . 
definitely an amazing patio situation happening . 
the weak bit was their food . 
food was always consistent and tasted well . 
beware things can was a bit spicy . 
the waitresses on the other hand were not good . 
patio atmosphere was nice but music tended to be a bit too loud . 
outdoor seating was awesome ! 
food was yummy . 
can was spicy . 
my friends loved the bean dip . 
servers can were on the slow side . 
however , emily was an excellent server . 
the rounds were weighted from very easy to impossible . 
some of the general knowledge trivia was so random . 
there was no way you can really studied for trivia . 
the special on sundays was$ _num_ nachos . 
come here for drinks , did not stay for the food . 
not kidding . 
reminds me of home . 
this was how an asian super - market should was . 
am - ko was the best ! 
they produced though , too , and it was very affordable . 
first of all , was - ko was huge for an ethnic shop in the midwest . 
there was also a moderately - sized selection of kitchen and grooming/ beauty supplies . 
i remembered going to am - ko'ed as a kid . 
but it appeared the ownership very recently changed ? 
no one appeared to be the same staff as little as a month ago . 
does anyone knew what happened to the great owners ? 
am - ko definitely had a lot of asian goods . 
this was definitely the place to go if you needed anything asian in champaign ! 
the whole place was cleaner and brighter than the other oriental stores around town . 
prices were fair . 
they had some great harder - to - found packaged items ( melon bars - yes , please! ) 
produce was limited , but dry goods were extensive . 
what i can't found here i got at the green onion . 
it felt like real market . 
some of the prices was absolute bargain/ basement . 
great place to pick up some loose green tea and all of the accoutrements . 
i deducted a star because of the lack of anything fresh . 
fresh vegetable section was very limited . 
fresh anything was very limited . 
well , i was pretty sure that was what i bought . 
i read it burnt fat . 
we shall saw : i already needed to go got more . 
they kept the coffee candy right next to the register . 
i loved the ginseng root in a cute little bottle . 
we was accustomed to long grain . 
i liked all the bulk grains and the flours . 
this store was cramped in a lot of good ways . 
there was some serious inventory in here . 
worth checking out for sure if you hadn't . 
you needed chinese rice vinegar ? 
honestly... didn't went here . 
i can understood having a bad day , but that woman was just terrible . 
the store itself was not the worst but it seemed a little dirty . 
they had a good selection so i can't complained about that . 
in my opinion , made the trip to green onion instead . 
it was cleaner and they was much nicer . 
has some good drinks and snacks . 
literally the best place for students and locals who wanted diversity in their food . 
they also sold henna here ! 
there was a halal meat section in the back corner freezer . 
do your research and knew what you were trying to buy ! 
to get there , simply took the _num_ teal . 
it was just down the street from the stop at first and white . 
i had med so glad that this place existed ! 
the lady working this place was very ignorant and rude ! 
they was so overprice and the produce was not good ! 
there was nothing good in here . 
go to other asian stores caused this one wasted your time . 
a note to the management of the hawthorn suites : _num_ a half wall and a love seat did not a `` suite '' made _num_ let's stepped into the 21st century : some wireless please _num_ women like conditioner and lotion . 
why were hotels still using this `` conditioning '' shampoo crap ? 
most half decent hotels upgraded to down comforters . 
they was warmer , more washable , and generally less gross . 
please didn't sent housekeeping around knocking on doors at _num_ and 8 : 30 . 
first of all 2x was unnecessary . 
second of all , some people was jet lagged . 
thank you . 
 _num_ a curved shower curtain bar did not make it a bigger shower . 
thank you , hawthorn suites , for the following : _num_ awesome breakfast ( omelet bar ? 
 _num_ pluged in for my ipod in the clock radio _num_ being so kind as to hold my fedex boxes for me . 
for my money the hampton inn was a better hotel . 
there was a lot behind the hotel and across the street . 
not a big deal , but i had med lazy . 
there was a lovely tgi fridays right next door , so that was convenient . 
it was an indoor version of your average best western motel . 
the bathroom was incredibly tiny . 
and what the hell was up with the water pressure ? 
hawthorn suites were a total - were on the champaign hotel scene . 
the interior was still tired looking . 
now , i thought it was probably the best hotel in champaign . 
everyone there was super friendly and i thought it was got a lot nicer ! 
the rooms were dated , and the layout pushed the definition of suite . 
sure enough , it rotated . 
just a little over a mile , i thought . 
very doable if you were in decent shoes ! 
think new carpet , wall paper , drapes and furniture . 
bad news was they still didn't did very well with hot water . 
the bathroom was still small and there was limited counter top space . 
but a wonderful new thing to brag about . 
i never noticed this in any other hotel . 
but , as others said , space was limited . 
seating was very limited gave the size of the hotel . 
finally , the wifi was slow but constant . 
make sure to have the free amazing breakfast ! 
there was an omelet chef making you the omelet your way ! 
the most gross place i had had ever stayed . 
do they even cleaned the room ? 
there was a thief working here ! 
breakfast was great ! 
it went to and from the airport . 
within walking distance to many restaurants . 
staff was friendly& polite . 
complimentary breakfast was 2nd to none . 
the core infrastructure was not good . 
if someone wanted to get up and got ready , everyone was waking up . 
door was in the middle of the entry wall so very inefficient layout . 
finish line , you stinked . 
seems like i was not the only one . 
the store just sucked . 
love love loved this place . 
favorites were the honey whole wheat , the cheddar garlic , and anything apple . 
i loved the scones . 
but they sure was yummy . 
also loved the made - your - own sandwich option . 
this was the best ever ! 
i hoped you can visited soon and often you didn't were disappointed . 
it was truly one of a kind place . 
these loaves were neither . 
and for making real bread . 
their breads were all heavy and thick . 
the honey whole wheat was perfect toasted , and their apple breads were amazing . 
you can also called ahead orders so you didn't missed out . 
how can i not love a place that supported local running ? 
even with that bit of business , i stinkinned 'loved this place . 
it was great stuff . 
bread here was sinful . 
it was a bakery that made some sandwiches . 
they had homemade jams and nut butters , fresh bread daily . 
the offer samples of their bread while you took a look around . 
it was wonderful and fresh . 
the occasional specialty breads were to die for . 
they now offered sandwiches to go , but in't yet tried one . 
their whole wheat breads were especially superior - - chewy and richly flavored . 
their white breads and challah was good , too . 
i had had even tried their carb control bread . 
great harvest bread company was one of our local treasures . 
they offered you slices of bread to try . 
they had jelly's , spread , breads , sandwiches , salads and soups . 
not cheap but tasted good . 
food was great ! 
bread was awesome ! 
staff was friendly ! 
keep up the great work . 
excellent place to grab lunch . 
reminds me of southport avenue in chicago . 
anyway , you ordered your food to the bartenders . 
i didn't liked the idea . 
to be honest , i doddedn't like either of them . 
a juicy pizza was not my favorite . 
i had med not against non - american - style thin crust pizzas . 
as a matter of fact , i loved jupiter's pizzas . 
what the hell , it was a great dive bar . 
i ca nt 'even hated on it . 
peanuts in the shell , ate them and threw the shells on the floor . 
just your basic , no frills , hung out with your buddies , bar . 
there was decent pub food . 
when the weather was good , there was outdoor patio seating . 
the place was dirt cheap and the food was simple and good . 
also , they had a number of large pool tables . 
i loved this place so much... it was my favorite bar in town . 
it was a great bar with a great drink selection . 
she was the owner's daughter! '' 
my fianc and i went here all of the time and loved it . 
it was a great bar for relaxing and enjoying some cheap drinks . 
the food was typical bar food , but was also priced right . 
esquire pretty much kicks ass . 
i meant hardcore ! 
esquire was awesome ! 
the staff was extremely friendly and attentive . 
the food was cheap and was great , drunk or sober . 
i recommended the asian dumplings , or a burger . 
their contusions were amazing ( pineapple infused tequila ) ! 
but i guessed that just went to show the people that frequent esquire . 
in general , the crowd was older , and everyone seemed to be regulars . 
this place was right across the street from the station . 
the cheap food and beer was an added bonus . 
love love loved this place . 
or that you simply spit the peanut shells out on the floor ? 
yeah , it was that type of place... . 
i loved it . 
and i also loved their special pineapple - induced tequila . 
to die for . 
what i was doing with my life ? 
i was regretting all the times i went to campus bars . 
what was not to love ? 
i loved free peanuts . 
but so far , all systems went . 
the burgers were some of the best in champaign . 
the pizza was good and came in a number of varieties . 
the one complaint i had was that the service can was especially hit - and - miss . 
overall , esquire was a down - to - earth place with good prices and good food . 
i had med liking this spot ! 
music low enough to hold conversation if so inclined . 
not a shit - ton of kids ( undergrads ) around to annoy . 
good spot to get your grew - folks drank on . 
three pints of pbr under _num_ bucks for the win ! 
that said , we opted for better food in the downtown area . 
the portobello mushroom sandwich was delicious . 
food here was just fine , and very reasonably priced . 
the gross looking jar on the bar was infused vodka . 
service was always friendly , and fastest at the bar . 
you can ordered lunch ahead and picked up _num_ minutes later . 
of course , that was just fine with me . 
this was the first bar i visited when i moved here five years ago . 
it was a good place , even taking none of the above into account . 
the people who frequented this place was an interesting mix . 
great food , great drinks , and a great place to just hung out . 
lots of friendly regulars hanging out at the bar ! 
i never was to a place where it felt so comfortable . 
they had free peanuts and the atmosphere was great . 
service and atmosphere was the best part of the place . 
i had had was going to the esquire for over _num_ years . 
it was because they had great drinks , delicious food and efficient friendly staff . 
i tried their fried broccoli recently , it was soooo addicting . 
the main problem was that it didn't had great beer . 
it was a fairly versatile place , good for happy hours . 
i went to this bar every single time i had med in champaign . 
just made sure you had your i d because they carded you ! 
update : the jukebox was now went . 
i was not happy . 
ruthie aw harper ( unregistered ) said : ladyluvved the place where everyone felt@ home... surprisingly good bar food . 
nostalgia got me every time . 
the decor was uninteresting at best . 
there was no personality . 
i had med not entirely sure why , as this made an awkward eating experience . 
thank goodness for mayonaise . 
give me some salty peanuts , pbr and mediterranean pizza from the esquire anytime ! 
honestly didn't knew how this place was still in business . 
yeah , it was that bad . 
i had dietary restrictions and i needed to be picky . 
esquire was definitely a place to be visited when in champaign ! 
mmm ok - it was actually more of a watering hole . 
i didn't remembered my first visit to the esquire . 
i suspected i had med not alone , but my reasons probably differed . 
luckily for me , i was to esquire many more times since . 
it was all about the ambiance , really . 
then stomp on all the peanut shells on the floor . 
i saw expansion many times . 
it was safe to say my family had a mullti generational history here . 
just a great place to relax and had a few drinks . 
along with the evolution of the bar , so had the menu . 
which i didn't thought was that great . 
though the various pizzas were very good . 
as was the wings , which i was not typically a fan of . 
the asian dumplings were great as well . 
the service can was hit or missed . 
depending on the time you came , and where you ordered . 
drinks were pretty standard . 
there was a handful of good micros on tap . 
the rest was typical drinks for a neighborhood bar . 
i ate here at least _num_ times a week . 
they was to die for , and often the only thing i ordered here . 
otherwise , the spirits and beer selections were okay . 
the pool space was nice and open as well . 
the food , on the other hand , was consistently underwhelming . 
plus food normally took forever to come out of the oven . 
in short , came for the booze , but ate beforehand . 
coming from california , these was the cheapest drinks i had had ever encountered ! 
there was fun pool tables and other arcade games . 
this place seemed to be a staple of downtown champaign . 
beer selection was good . 
easy to get to . 
food was ok . 
salmon was awesome . 
there was something quite nice about this place . 
every pizza i had had had here was really delicious . 
but the bathrooms... avoided the bathrooms . 
that being said , there was a nice energy throughout . 
staff was great and service was prompt and friendly . 
i didn't knew why i bothered trying a second time . 
so my main complaint about the lunch dining experience was sanitation . 
wash your hands if you still decided to go . 
the thin crust pizza was delicious . 
when i heard the word `` esquire , '' i thought formal and gentlemen . 
despite this , this place featured some cool billiards . 
i had had never left disappointed ! 
because , really , they had everything here at the esquire . 
i felt like a rebel for making a mess , hehe. ) 
will definitely was back next time i had med visiting champaign their pizzas were pretty good - - thin crust . 
get the bbq chicken . 
the food wasn't amazing but it was pretty good for a lounge/ bar . 
i had had tried their sandwich as well with pulled pork . 
apparently they had a buffet lunch or something . 
cool , chilled place to check out in downtown champaign . 
quick , concerned , , really knew how to make money ! 
let's you drank a little before . 
killing u with ordering . 
she was awesome ! 
esquire was rather hideous with an atmosphere not to my taste . 
okay , that was not a big deal . 
i guessed i had med just not used to this feel . 
i personally thought their drink menu was shot . 
didn't came out to the esquire and not try this pizza ! 
you all had lint butt . 
didn't expected fancy . 
they had a surprisingly good beer selection and infused their own liquors . 
literally what it was advertised as . 
this place was great for what it was . 
cheap food , cheap beer and alcohol ( hefty wine poured! ) 
i went here whenever i had med downtown and needed smokes . 
they was$ _num_ , but it was right there . 
but was it really settling on esquire ? 
the cheese sticks here were some of the best in town . 
the asian dumplings were what made me ate here . 
didn't knew why , but they was awesome . 
she got a grilled cheese . 
i got the ribeye steak sammich . 
it was definitely a serviceable ribeye steak sammich . 
the grilled cheese was a grilled cheese . 
they had triptych pretty nice little saturday on tap . 
they always had pnls on tap . 
within the past _num_ years , their craft beer selection vastly improved . 
that was probably to the dismay of several of their regulars . 
esquire was the townie bar downtown . 
it probably had the most eclectic mix of people . 
after sporting events , the place was almost all orange on the inside . 
not too many other bars downtown was that sports friendly . 
it was a comfort bar . 
even though the chairs weren't that comfortable . 
there was pool . 
there was peanuts . 
for a bar food bar , their pizza was ridiculously good . 
try the blue pear ( warning , no red sauce ) . 
crooked tree was always on tap ! 
cause the food wasn't free ? 
this was one of my favorite spots in champaign . 
if you liked tomato soup , you had to come here . 
they had a tomato bisque soup that was incredible ! 
definitely a most went to place esquire was one of those bars that definitely grew on me . 
there was always seating because this place was huge including an outdoor patio area . 
i believed in you esquire . 
thank you for not letting me down . 
the food was typical casual american fare , but the quality met the prices . 
service can was a bit snarky at times , though . 
i loved jupiter's pizza . 
lots of good drinks to be had . 
lots of pool to be played . 
every time i went the service was horrendous . 
i liked the smoked salmon . 
that was tragic . 
however , if you liked pool , these was very good tables . 
this was a great stop towards the end of the night . 
great place to play pool . 
some of the best thin crust i thought i had . 
bar was nice and roomy , good place to play pool . 
sadly many didn't made this transition . 
perfect for watching sports and playing pub games . 
pizza was great , thin crust . 
beer selection was so - so . 
this place was a great place to grab a thin crust pizza with friends . 
we was regulars , especially at their new location ! 
more seating ! 
jupiters were great ! 
i was still a fan . 
this was the 2nd time i had to post a review of jupiters . 
i wished we had a jupiters or equivalent in california . 
my favorite was their sausage , schroom , bell pepper and onion pizza . 
i hoped yelp didn't took this review down this time . 
you won , jupiters . 
happy hour special providing me with cheap yet delicious beer ? 
super cheap pizza , making life amazing ? 
okay , jupiter's had happy hour specials that was wondrous . 
i always made a stop here whenever i had med in town . 
a perfect place to grab a bite with an old friend . 
daily drink specials ( and the beer was always cheap ) . 
i loved their pizza menu . 
i thought the environment was a lot of fun also . 
the price was fair . 
it was _num_ for a personal pizza which a good size ! 
i had med looking forward to coming back ! 
amaaazing pizza ! 
the bianca was totally my jam . 
they also drink specials just about every night . 
service was also solid too ! 
i liked this place . 
i stuck to the basics , and they did that just fine . 
great place to drink some beers and ate pizza . 
jupiter's pizza was awesome . 
they also had pool tables and arcade games . 
jupiter's specialty pizzas were great ! 
more importantly , the price was very reasonable . 
also this place had a clean , friendly , fun atmosphere . 
it was definitely one of my favorite places to go in downtown champaign . 
after 10 pm , a large two topping pizza was$ _num_ . 
pizza was way overpriced . 
if you liked pizza bites , well heck , then dug in . 
not only that , but food took forever to come out . 
it was too small to be able to really played . 
the place was plenty big , so it didn't got too loud . 
pool tables were in good shape which was nice for a bar . 
didn't really had to wait to long to get a pool table one of the best bar/ restaurants i had had was to in champaign ! 
the pizza was cooked perfect , priced right , and served piping hott ! 
bartenders were super friendly and served up awesome drinks at great prices ! 
pizza was served california pizza kitchen - style . 
some people played pool during lunch . 
didn't played pool unless you were at brother's . 
so much to do , so little time . 
pizzas were solid . 
hawaiian was my went to . 
they just got it perfect every time . 
the decor was nice and made for a nice ambiance . 
pool tables were some of the best in town . 
overall great local place to go . 
another institution in downtown champaign that was here forever . 
the bar area was nice with a few tables and big booths . 
there was not a lot of sitting area if you came at peak hours . 
so was warned . 
there was even a patio out back . 
the building itself was ancient , and tons of character . 
the servers worked hard , and were very friendly . 
though can got swamped during peak hours . 
the pizzas were great . 
crispy , thin crust that was awesome . 
the specialty pizzas like pizza pesto were great . 
they came in personal , _ nummed_ '' , and _num_ . '' 
 : ( but staff was usually friendly . 
it was thing crust with nice crunch . 
so a large probably feed _num_ people comfortably , _num_ uncomfortably . 
minor inconvenience though so it was whatever . 
prices were nt bad ! 
i liked to make my own pizza... cream sauce , tomatoes , spinach , mushrooms and cheese ! 
there was plenty of billiards tables in the summer when the students were went . 
okay , i tended to write about places that i liked . 
maybe it was on busy days ? 
definitely on my list to recommend to others . 
the thin - crust pizza was fantastic , and reasonably priced . 
 _num_ things i loved . 
and this place had both . 
but they probably had the rudest waitress in champaign . 
the other jupiters location was much better as a restaurant . 
very basic and not really fun as an adult to play . 
pizza was soso and pricy . 
be forewarned . 
it was cracker crust pizza . 
but of course , this also sounded like a pretty horrible idea . 
i had no idea what was good about this . 
oh , didn't lunchables did a a pizza lunch ? 
there you went , it was kind of like that . 
so that was your atmosphere . 
epic fail on their part , last time i went to that dive . 
if thin crust was your thing , this place was hard to beat . 
however , i thought it was pretty hard to go wrong at jupiter's . 
if not , possibly picked up ? 
i did commended their varying selection of toppings for their pizza . 
i recommended the prosciutto di parma pizza and the bbq chicken pizza . 
yummyyyy jupiter's was a great place for any crowd of people . 
they also had about _num_ pool tables where you can enjoyed a few games . 
their pizza was very good . 
they was famous for their thing sliced pizza . 
they had an unlimited selection of toppings and sauces . 
they also ran great deals like half price large pizzas on tuesdays . 
my only complaint about this place was the speed of service . 
the pool rates were inexpensive at only$ _num_ per hour . 
the atmosphere was generally good . 
they had the best pizza ! 
they was the thinnest crispy pizza . 
we went to tuesday's half off pizza day . 
this was my favorite thin crust pizza in the area . 
the place was almost always empty so the service was pretty quick . 
even after an early football game , we got fed pretty quickly . 
it made a good lunch spot after church too ! 
what was not to love ? 
what did , though , was their service . 
it offered some great entertainment , with some good refreshment ( albeit expensive ! 
the atmosphere was also very nice . 
it was clean as well . 
but the pizza was much too small for the price . 
maybe someone with a normal sized appetite can chimed in . 
update : i thought i found out why i thought it was overpriced . 
here was the link to their menu with the prices : http : // www.jupiterspizza.com/downtown/menu.html i got a custom 4 - topping personal which should was about$ _num_ tops . 
just not cool . 
but jupiter's food was not good enough to justify capricious pricing . 
yet if you wanted super , super thin pizza , it was delicious ! 
i thought tuesday nights were half off , so it was so worth it . 
the pizzas were tasty , a good offering for a thin - crust style . 
my favorites were the preferito and bbq chicken . 
and guessed what ? 
thank you so much for such an awesome service and good food ! 
how i not yet reviewed this place ? 
sign said : seated yourself . 
difficult to do when there was no tables available . 
hard to get service . 
a very quick , painless and easy place to get your foid card . 
thumbs down this place charged a fee of$ _num_ to do basically nothing . 
this place was foolish and should not exist as a business . 
the time it took for them to process the paper work was ridiculous . 
avoid ! 
i called beck was my little hidden gem in c - u . 
the staff was quick& courteous . 
this place was ridiculous . 
i absolutely recommended this place ! 
plus they had an$ _num_ special every tuesday ! 
they did a great job and i had no complaints . 
keep up the great work . 
great stylist , they knew their stuff . 
very affordable and stylist kept up with trends . 
this location was awesome . 
the people was always friendly and stephanie was very skilled . 
not only was she friendly and talented , she was efficient ! 
i was so thankful i found her ! 
the staff always seemed to enjoy their job . 
they was very friendly and hospitable the moment you walked in the door . 
you didn't necessarily needed an appointment , but i recommended calling before going . 
i wanted to cry because my hair was so ugly ! 
do yourself a huge favor and looked elsewhere . 
i had to find a new apartment with little notice . 
didn't did it . 
actually i did not even wanted to give one start for this place . 
please did yourself a favour and looked somewhere else . 
have lived in apartment in so many states and they was the worst . 
bacaro ( pronounced bah - kah - roh ' ) was a trendy little ultra - modern wine bar . 
the food was largely excellent , though portions were modest . 
and prices were rather reasonable , though not great . 
one of the few places in champaign to test your palette . 
the food was rather smart and inventive . 
the interior was very reminiscent of blackbird in chicago . 
the food was really good and the interior was very stylish . 
also , the service was great . 
food items were less adventurous and price point increased with time . 
service i always found to be very good and knowledgeable , esp . 
just because we was students didn't meant we didn't deserved good food . 
i had had had fantastic entrees for less at other places in cu . 
i never ever had a bad dish here . 
they seemed to be particular to detail , which was a plus to me ! 
the wine was top notch too . 
you payed for what you got . 
i thought i needed to save to go there again , so worth it ! 
until then , i said stuck with radio maria . 
seriously... i had med still salivating thinking about it . 
as bacaro was also a wine lounge , their wine selection was quite extensive . 
i thought the wine here was better . 
i had to come back here to try more of their wines . 
i thought it was probably better to come here just for wine than for dinner and like what everyone else said , the service was great ! 
the restaurant wasn't very big , the decor was modern . 
this place was amazing . 
i had had only was their twice since each meal cost half a months rent . 
it was totally worth it though . 
another plus was they served french press coffee ! 
the waitstaff all seemed super nice , and well - informed about the menu . 
i wanted to try dinner here too butn't was that adventurous . 
if you wanted ribeye , went to jim gould's . 
their mashed potatoes were very much like the kind you made from a box . 
it was also so small . 
i can't helped but felt this restaurant fooled many . 
i had had was to italy , and this wasn't italian... i supposed the entire visit was lackluster . 
who ordered a double merlot ? 
i was trying to think of what to add thatn't was said... i thought this was one of the outstanding restaurants in champaign - urbana . 
overall , they rocked . 
this was not the typical `` american - italian '' restaurant . 
this was not an all - you - can ate for cheap place . 
prices reflected the cost of quality ingredients and a skilled staff . 
there was a nice wine list that favorred italian varieties . 
the staff can made good recommendations . 
i had to save a star; there was better restaurants in the world . 
what did all of these places had in common ? 
bacaro did not cut corners where quality was concerned . 
enjoy . 
on to the wine , which was my favorite subject . 
cu deserved more than jameson and pbr . 
if not , i recommended you headed straight to www.steaknshake.com it was very inexpensive and had very large portions . 
enjoy ! 
i didn't saw what all the fuss was about . 
not rushing back any time soon . 
very impressive , even for this guy who lived and ate in downtown chicago . 
i may was a cynic , but it raised red flags... . 
i was very forgiving of servers too , being a former one myself . 
my only complaint with bacaro was the service . 
bacaro was through some subtle but incredibly effective changes . 
nice , elegant , cozy place to dine . 
i ate out a lot , and i always looked forward to eating here . 
i also liked that the menu was never the same twice . 
i liked the decor . 
small menu , but you ended up wanting everything on it . 
hmmm , what to say , what to say . 
no thanked you . 
tranquil , calm and romantic wine bar was pretty decent and deserts tasted good . 
here was what we ordered : grilled veal chop with red beets and pearl onions apple cake with creme fraiche ice cream chocolate brownie with graham cracker ice cream and roasted marshmallows persimmon and pistachio bread pudding it was just plain soggy and tasteless . 
i recommended not ordering dessert here if you did plan on coming . 
of course it was pricey but it was worth it . 
pretty good food but a bit pricey for what you got . 
at least i hoped she was new . 
this was no time for creativity . 
the dessert menu was stupid . 
who followed octopus and rabbit with banana bread and ice cream ? 
hire a dessert chef . 
sometimes i did . 
sometimes i had parents who needed impressing . 
this was , hands down , the best restaurant in champaign right now . 
way to go bacaro ! 
hopefully they didn't did that anymore . 
since then i moved to stockholm and then new york city . 
champaign - urbana had fantastic terroired . 
this was a very good place to eat in the champaign area . 
this was our favorite restaurant in champaign - urbana . 
the desserts truly captured the seasons and the feel of the weather so perfectly . 
i honestly didn't knew a better way to start the week ! 
and i never was disappointed . 
the service was great , and they was very attentive . 
i thought you definitely got what you payed for . 
and for a city like champaign , bacaro was definitely a lovely gem . 
it was a beautiful , modern looking restaurant . 
i had med sure she was one tired girl by the end of the evening . 
that was the kind of dinner my husband had at bacaro . 
for champaign , this was the best food around . 
the monday arket menu was a great price too . 
the staff was not pretentious which was always nice to see . 
this was a diamond in the c - u rough . 
overall , it was a consistently good restaurant in terms of service . 
however , there was certain dishes that was more tasty than others . 
quality and kind... just the kind of service we adored . 
i had med not a `` foody '' but i adored good food . 
i had med not sure if we failed to describe what we wanted . 
this was such a minor point though . 
i wished i could gave bacaro five stars . 
to be fair , there was a lot to like about it . 
the quality of the ingredients was high . 
the ambience was great too . 
the servers were among the most professional in the c - u area . 
the food was genuinely sophisticated . 
the menu at bacaro was constantly changing based on what ingredients they stocked . 
this tended to result in inconsistent dishes whose preparations were constantly changing . 
of three visits i had had ate some bad , ok and great meals . 
over - priced food where_ nummed_ and _num_ year old townies and professors ate . 
you had had were warned . 
the atmosphere was great , but the food was too buttery and overpriced . 
i wished i could took this restaurant with me on the road . 
the grilled octopus salad was a must . 
portions were not huge , but adequate . 
in my party , one person had the ribeye . 
this was easily one of my most memorable and favorite dining experiences . 
i was from dallas and in champaign for business . 
this was the perfect place to stop in after a long day of visiting family and friends . 
not too noisy , good food , and any beverage you liked . 
next time i thought i budgeted my stomach space and leaved some room for bacaro . 
wine was half price on sundays by the way ! 
this was champaign's version of a manhattan bistro . 
this was our favorite restaurant in champaign , handed down the best food . 
bacaro's cuisine was innovative and delicious ! 
appropriate proportions were creatively presented . 
the service and ambiance was the tops ! 
great people watching can was had on their outdoor terrace . 
say what ? 
i believed your customers were your priority ! 
i always loved bacaro ! 
the wine was half price on sundays so i had _num_ glasses . 
i remembered the pumpkin ravioli being delicious and the waiter service being great . 
portions were relatively small , though . 
i loved that they used local ingredients and kept their menu small and creative . 
say what ? 
i believed your customers were your priority ! 
just wanted to post an update . 
again - the food was amazing and we wanted to see them succeeded . 
so here was my take . 
wait staff 3 - 4 stars atmosphere 4 - 5 stars wine list 4 - 5 stars beer list 3 - 4 stars menued 4 - 5 stars food 2 - 3 stars unfortunately bacaro was not one of those places . 
my recommendation was avoid because there was way too much attitude here . 
we had had never had a bad meal at bacaro . 
a good restaurant was not just about food , but also about ambience . 
enjoy ! 
i had had took my wife here on two occasions . 
yeah... so what , i only ate here twice . 
staff was awesome , all of them . 
this was a comfortable yummy spot . 
 : ) first , i loved the extensive wine selection ! 
their bottle selection was really impressive . 
the overall ambiance was beautiful , altho it was a tad bit loud . 
overall , definitely recommended it for a romantic date night . 
the best restaurant in champaign - urbana if you didn't minded the price . 
this review was extra late . 
i didn't remembered which wine it was since this was so long ago . 
there was not a lot of really nice dinning restaurants in champaign . 
the menu was seasonal and changes at least _num_ times per year . 
wonderful combinations of local ingredients; menued evolved with availability . 
sunday 1/2 price wine by the glass was a great deal . 
loved bacaro before , loved them even more now . 
the farm to table cousine was perfectly prepared . 
this was a prime example of `` you got what you payed for '' . 
cocktails were consistently delicious and the wine recommendations were excellent . 
$ _num_ including a drink . 
get over there and gave it a try . 
this restaurant was sort of hit and missed . 
i had some really spectacular pasta with sea urchin . 
otherwise , there was restaurants that offered greater value and dining experience in chambana . 
chef morrow used locally grew fresh veggies+ herbs in his wonderful menus . 
thank you to everyone on the staff for a lovely evening . 
you payed quite a premium for the dish that was notably small . 
pros : local sustained food , changing menu hid deals : the wine menu was large and the waiter was very attentive . 
which was pricewise on the high side . 
i just was not super impressed with the portions or the prices . 
not sure what they considered booked . 
it was velvety smooth . 
bacaro was definitely the place to treat yourself , which never disappoints . 
rotating menu with wine recommendations . 
the atmosphere was good and the service was excellent . 
it was a place where dining was an experience . 
the ambiance and atmosphere was very good . 
planning to have a dinner or brunch there . 
can waited to go again and tried more great food ! 
this was champaign , a small but charming place in central illinois . 
this place was one of our favorite places to eat ! 
it was hard to find a restaurant that cared this much about it customers ! 
i can not wait to go back again . 
awesome spot to go if you wanted something a little more intimate and quiet . 
good spot to bring a date . 
the food came slow on purpose . 
abandon any thought of _num_ hour meal . 
the proportions weren't `` central illinois '' they was regular heathy proportions . 
slow down and enjoyed the experience . 
bring your rich relatives or boss who payed . 
menu was comprehensive . 
overall one of the best dinning experiences i had in recent memory . 
dining in champaign came a long way since i went to school here . 
kind of hard to explain . 
radio maria had great and unique food ! 
the selection of wines was excellent as well ! 
has a really nice atmosphere . 
i still craved the beer bread . 
and the masa boat the interior was so artfully did . 
i had med not a big fan of being uncomfortable... ever . 
the interior was very well did for that particular genre . 
the food , eh , nothing to write home about . 
radio maria was at the top of the restaurant heap in chambana for dinner . 
haven't was for lunch and in't experienced the tapas yet . 
i loved the atmosphere because it was understated and eclectic at the same time . 
the radio hostess stand was lovely . 
and i had med a sucker for their crass - esque vintage graphic design . 
the reisling and gewuiztraminer was my favorites . 
the service always was friendly without being intrusive . 
my food always was cooked perfectly . 
i had med starting to think these guys spread themselves a bit too thin . 
what , you wanted me to do worked? '' 
radio maria was a vast improvement . 
in fact , we loved tapas . 
and their prices were extremely reasonable . 
i didn't even knew what i had med supposed to review here . 
is it a restaurant ? 
and what was with this sunday comfort food menu ? 
do they even knew anymore ? 
i almost felt bad giving this jack of all trades only three stars . 
but then there was nothing about this place that was outright great , either . 
now , the new tapas bar i liked quite a bit . 
both spaces were nice - they was adjacent to each other . 
radio maria was definitely one of the nicest dining options in downtown champaign . 
they also usually had a bunch specials , which i would recommended trying . 
the service also always was good . 
i always got an omelette , which i always enjoyed . 
overall though , radio maria was not to be missed . 
this place kept getting better and better . 
you can came here anytime at all and found something that suited your palette . 
to sum it all up : * drooool* . 
her praise hit often and reached far . 
radio maria made me felt good . 
service at rm was impeccable . 
their knowledgeable sommelier staff was very helpful for beginners and experienced wine - drinkers alike . 
always ordered the special , their young , fashionable chefs always delivered . 
after all , they had awesome sangria and great sunday brunch . 
the tapas also tasted great , but they always made me terribly sick afterward . 
please , radio maria owners , read these reviews and took corrective action ! 
did not rest on your laurels because that way failure lied... everything became a mish - mash and it was overwhelming and nothing stood out . 
also , the pretty pretty people who worked there didn't liked kids . 
the restaurant itself was still lovely . 
love this place , always had . 
one of the few restaurants that was consistently different . 
i was not impressed with this place . 
my friend and i walked into the bar side for tapas . 
sure , we walked past several empty tables and sat at the empty bar . 
and kept walking by . 
maybe i just expected more . 
who knew . 
how did one made cake taste like deli meat ? 
i had no idea . 
i asked for the check . 
i didn't knew if i would recommended this place . 
maybe once just to go... but i thought once was enough . 
the restaurant scene here improved phenomenally . 
check it out if you were in town . 
not very unique but good eats . 
also , their drinks were marvelous . 
this place was honestly a world class spanish food/ tapas place . 
radio maria was my favorite restaurant in champaign . 
the food was top - notch and the atmosphere was one of a kind . 
normally the value/ price ratio was excellent . 
one caveat was that the portions were rather small . 
menu advertised : `` tasted like a cookie '' . 
ok i had med in the mood for sweet . 
me : can i traded this for something else ? 
it was really not good . 
bartender _num_ : what did you meant ? 
bartender _num_ : what was going on here . 
bartender _num_ : the menu said `` tasted like a cookie '' me : it tasted like robitussin . 
have you tried it . 
it was not like we can served it to someone else . 
this beer tasted like robitussin; how wrong did you had to get ? 
if you wanted differential treatment , went here . 
wine and beer list was plenty long and varied - flavors for everyone . 
outside tables were great on a warm summer evening . 
agree with 3+ stars . 
some restaurants in this area had chicago - envy . 
dishes were overly complex and were either bland or actively tasted bad . 
i had no idea what was going on now . 
ground coffee rubs . 
stay away ! 
the food was good quality , and the flavor always delicioued ! 
the desserts i had had were lovely; with good flavor and pretty presentation . 
note : many people reviewed radio maria negatively . 
i thought they needed to put it in context of local restaurants . 
we was in champaign - urbana , not new york or seattle . 
i also thought they needed to stop being so negative . 
$ _num_ to get in and then salsa dancing all night ! 
there was a full bar if you got thirsty and two dance floors . 
in the meantime , checked it out on a friday or a saturday night ! 
radio maria had nice decor and an interesting menu . 
my only complaint was that the service was painfully slow . 
ok , first , we had to discuss the breakfast potatoes . 
are so unreasonably delicious . 
for this , it got at least one more star to land at _num_ . 
but sure enough , _num_ minutes later all our food arrived at once . 
that was a shame . 
i had had was here _num_ times , mostly for brunch . 
the waiters were my least favorite part of radio maria . 
there was never enough people working at brunch . 
oh radio maria , how i wished we could was in love . 
radio maria was like the girl your friends tried to set you up with . 
you heard how beautiful , how wonderful she was . 
this restaurant had all the makings of a high class experience . 
it had a pretty bar with house - infused liquor . 
 ( i especially loved the ginger vodka. ) 
however , that was where the magical journy ended . 
you entered the restaurant only to be told to wait . 
 `` well , '' said the snooty hostess , `` those was reserved. '' 
you had half of your restaurant empty and those was all reserved ? 
at the bar , we ordered two delicious drinks . 
sure , i didn't minded that this one had food spilled on it . 
the sangria here was awful . 
i thought it was a tequila sunrise . 
the food was greasy and not in a good way . 
but it was goat cheese . 
how can you messed that up ? 
the food was amazing and priced very well . 
the bar was a blast and the staff was very friendly . 
we usually sat at the bar and order up tapas and drinks . 
the food was good and priced right . 
the atmosphere was also wonderful , and very unique . 
they also served brunch , which was great ! 
i had some issues with this place . 
it had really good potential but i definitely had mood swings about it . 
the main restaurant was decent . 
also , the wine selection was pretty decent . 
but , i thought the tapas side was just terrible . 
it was supposed to be grilled . 
not grilled then put in the fridge over the weekend ! 
i liked radio maria . 
the hummus was sooo good - and they served it with toasted pita . 
please please went here over boltini - much less pretentious . 
good atmosphere but the food was overpriced and midiocre . 
good service that wasn't in your face . 
highly recommended the pita chips and hummus . 
i loved the traditional dining at radio maria . 
does it sometimes took longer than other restaurants ? 
yes... but that made it more enjoyable and relaxing . 
it was nice to sit outside and had a nice , paced dinner . 
i had med always pleased with the specials . 
the service was attentive without being overbearing . 
radio maria's had a pretty extensive breakfast and lunch menu . 
that was perfect omelet in my opinion . 
spaces numbed _num_ through _num_ was reserved for this restaurant's patrons . 
at least it was beautiful outside . 
i remembered when this place opened . 
a facade that seemed to be happy with the graduates of applebees . 
my problem was i remembered how much better it once was . 
i missed the unique , creative , and delicious food in a friendly atmosphere . 
i wanted to go back for more . 
i meant , they served absinthe ! 
i always enjoyed myself here . 
 _num_ ) their kitchen stayed open all night . 
nothing at this restaurant warrants the cost . 
the staff always acted like you were wasting their time . 
go to escobar if you wanted expensive food worth the cost . 
this place took small portions to a new level . 
the only reason this place was getting two stars was because of their drinks . 
if you wanted good cocktails that was overpriced this was your place ! 
the food was decent as well . 
i felt like that summarized this restaurant adequately . 
go to radio maria and ordered their dinner specials . 
falling fast . 
pity to see an old favorite fall this far . 
the architecture and style of the place was so artistic and unique . 
it was beautiful . 
i loved the artwork all over the walls and the bar area especially . 
the drinks were reasonably priced and tasty too . 
ho my god . 
living on grad assistant paychecks , it was a nice treat to come here . 
take your date here . 
their sunday brunch was outstanding ! 
they also had a bloody mary bar , which was incredible . 
perhaps , more important was their tapas dinner menu and their selection of beer . 
their beer and wine selection was top - notch ! 
radio maria was a tried and true champaign restaurant . 
it was a must if you were in the area . 
i always brought visitors and guests here ! 
it was definitely a more casual place . 
it was pricier , but worth the money . 
aghhhh this place was great ! 
you had to try their steak tips tapas dish . 
hopefully it was still there . 
with the downtown champaign scene evolving , this kind of situation was unacceptable . 
brunch menu was fantastic . 
love the masa boat and the mexican cofee ! 
dinner was also good , but not amazing . 
i tried radio maria on visits to cu . 
the food seemed uninspired and the quality of ingredients was average . 
i did like the decor of the bar . 
i was giving this restaurant _num_ stars . 
i didn't wanted anyone else wasting their money at this establishment . 
this happened to other customers ? 
you were swell . 
has a full resturant and a apas bar . 
it was definitely for `` friends '' after hours . 
i remembered i had the arancini... . 
the ambience at the bar was really exceptional . 
the bartender can accomodated any request , with a passion . 
we had him making key lime pie martinis , and they rocked . 
look at the bar - the rail was a retired escalator handrail . 
even the host station was a re - purposed tube radio . 
they was reserved to the hilt usually . 
we ate here twice , and loved the place . 
the menu ran from an inventive tapas list to unique entrees . 
love the bar , loved the atmosphere . 
next game , those kids were getting pizza or burgers ! 
the food was nothing to write home about . 
i didn't planned on going back any time soon . 
there was several other places downtown that was much better ( i.e . 
highly recommended ! 
taste - wise nothing to write home about , the bread was just so - so . 
nice ambient , but can got very noisy . 
our overall rating of the restaurant was 2 - star . 
i mostly went here for brunch and the food rarely disappoints . 
the torta maria and smoked port torta was unusual and always good . 
the omelettes were only ok; somehow they seemed a bit dry and overcooked . 
my main complaint with brunch was the coffee . 
i believed the sauce mentioned in the description was absent . 
i guessed we was expected to order cocktails and appetizers . 
i felt like radio can't decided what it was . 
it did all those things fairly well , but none of them exceptionally . 
strange lighting , and can got very loud later at night . 
artsy and hip without being completely pretentious . 
service can was a bit slow , but always friendly and knowledgeable . 
beer list was always rotating . 
i thought the wheel had about _num_ taps . 
then a creative cocktail menu , which i had yet to try . 
food was interesting . 
hanger steak was good , as was the duck . 
this was definitely a place to check out downtown . 
what can i said ? 
i understood that graduation weekend in chambana can was really crazy . 
fill our water glasses ) , etc . 
the restaurant was also extremely noisy . 
there was restaurants in chambana that had great food for better prices . 
the food was always amazing and the drinks were delicious . 
brunch was especially delectable . 
seems like the only spanish restaurant in c - u area ? 
foods were good . 
but the price was a little bit high since it located at downtown champaign . 
it didn't tasted that good with the food . 
it tasted better on its own . 
it was something you didn't regretted trying . 
it was sweet and had a strong cinnamon flavor . 
i highly recommended going to radio maria for brunch ! 
great beer selection , nice outdoors sitting area . 
* hearts - in - eyes emoji went here* i absolutely loved radio maria . 
the atmosphere , decor , and food was downright enchanting . 
if you wanted to wow your first date - didn't came here . 
beer - bread toast was thick and incredible . 
omelets were over - stuffed and innovative and completely satisfying . 
regular specials made some variation on the menu . 
coffee was aromatic and high quality . 
biggest complaint of the night , and made me not inclined to return . 
by far our favorite spot we had had ate at so far in champaign . 
highly recommended - we 'll was back ! 
especially for date night , it was a fantastic place . 
the hummus was fantastic , as was the goat cheese with honey . 
brunch was awesome delicious , loved the tapas and the paella . 
prices seemed high for the quantity and quality you got . 
they had two menus , one for traditional dinner and one with tapas items . 
lamb meatballed : tasty , especially with hidden gems of pine nuts . 
if you really liked meatballs , i definitely recommended these . 
it was always a safe bet for a great meal . 
i always had tapas but they had a full dinner menu as well . 
i recommended the hanger steak , plantains , and pork tacos . 
the wine and beer selections were also substantially larger than the average restaurant . 
can you please trained the rest of the staff on how to be wonderful ? 
we really enjoyed this place . 
service was great . 
we usually sat at the bar so we saw all the servers . 
all was very nice and friendly . 
things appeared to move quickly and efficiently from the kitchen radio maria had the best cubans in champaign . 
the tapas , however , were pretty good . 
i loved the old architecture and the period decorations . 
when you walked in , the bar was was front of you . 
their infused liquors were all made on premises . 
the dining room was large . 
they also had tables on the sidewalk which we took advantage of . 
many veggie options first time here... and i had had heard great things about this place . 
and i had to say , it did lived up to the hype . 
definitely kept a lookout on the specials if you wanted something more memorable . 
the food always was top - notch . 
i went there regularly for tapas and on the weekends for brunch . 
the service and staff was all very friendly and accommodating . 
the environment there was also quite enjoyable; albeit a bit hispter - ish . 
overall , i didn't thought you 'll were disappointed here . 
solid 4/5 they had an array of holiday drinks that wasn't bad . 
this was unbelievable . 
this place was pretty awesome in downtown champaign . 
that was some good stuff to put on your fork ! 
in summer you can sat outside and it was something i will definitely repeated . 
love their sides ! 
i loved the cream cheese on the cinnamon cake ! 
especially loved the cheese inside the omelette ! 
and the waitress was friendly ! 
this was our favorite brunch spot . 
the flaming frida was delicious . 
didn't wasted your time on the bloody mary bar . 
that ed my main complaint , the bloody marys didn't had enough garnishes . 
you were lucky to get an olive . 
i had had was here for both brunch and dinner . 
it was likely the best brunch in champaign - urbana . 
the french toast was a huge serving and delicious . 
the omelettes were nice as well . 
radio maria was good . 
the menus were a bit unwieldy . 
who put feta on a cheese plate ? 
this was our went - to date night dinner out . 
i never had a problem getting a gluten free meal here . 
one complaint was that the menu was rarely updated . 
highly recommended this place ! 
radio maria really was a bright spot in downtown champaign . 
the dinner menu was small but far more evenly excellent . 
their desserts were also wonderful . 
and finally , went to radio maria for brunch . 
radio maria was typically open at _num_ on sunday's . 
therefore leaving a bunch of reservations at a complete loss . 
they clearly needed to get their management/ organization in check . 
learn more about what hospitality and professionalism was . 
soooooo , i loved radio maria . 
i loved it for years . 
i seriously was frequenting this place for over a decade . 
sunday brunch was tradition for me and a handful of my girlfriends . 
we literally did it in some form every weekend . 
it was always 5 pm on sunday funday ) . 
in what restaurant world was this ok ? 
didn't was petty . 
the food seemed extremely simple for their prices . 
this was probably my went - to restaurant in champaign . 
they had a diverse menu , and pretty much everything was very good. ) 
the place itself was very cool . 
i liked downtown champaign , and this was one of the nicer spaces . 
the bar was truly outstanding . 
the food always pleased . 
it was a very versatile place that can appealed to a variety of tastes . 
nice looking place . 
they had good hummus and i liked the fried plantains . 
otherwise , it was fine . 
brunch was the best time to go . 
best unique and fancy restaurant i had had was to in downtown champaign . 
you were probably going to spend average$ 25+ per entree . 
love the selection and proves were reasonable . 
their paella was amazing . 
i really needed to try their tapas and meats . 
there was so many good things to say about radio maria . 
their style was a marriage between old world _num_ 's and the 21st century . 
the tables were decorated underneath and they was unique to every table . 
there was about _num_ tables outside if you liked sitting outdoors . 
they had a wide selection of omelets . 
they also had egg dishes with rice and beans . 
it included vegetarian options . 
try getting a slice of beer bread ! 
it was hearty and was flavorful . 
the churros were fluffy and not too sweet . 
the service for a sunday brunch was slow . 
the tapas menu was extensive . 
hands down , my favorite dish to order was the lamb meatballs . 
you had to try them ! 
i also loved the paella . 
it was big , so plan on sharing or gorging yourself in awesomeness . 
their brunch menu had options that can appealed to everyone from vegetarians to children . 
really great food and some great options if you were a vegetarian . 
this was our new fav spot when we came to town . 
let me started this off by saying i had med a very cheap eater . 
first off , the restaurant had a great atmosphere . 
well , it was also great . 
they had 1/2 off wine bottles ! 
this place was a local favorite and definitely somewhere to visit . 
my first visit to radio maria and i loved it . 
you can chose to sit in a casual area or a dining room prices : pretty expensive for the amount of food you were getting i felt blest whenever i ate here . 
the vibe was cool , and the food was great . 
by the way , the beer bread was fantastic ! 
such a fun place to have tapas . 
the paella was a must . 
glad to know doug and steph was still there . 
they made great drinks and was great for business . 
food was good i liked the changing menu . 
get a reservation , though ! 
they also had great wine specials and the tapas were worth the price . 
radio was definitely one of my favorite regular places . 
the tapas were great , though generally quite small for what you payed . 
the wine selection was excellent , too . 
the tapas menu was really good... and the ambience was really good . 
first , it used beef , which made it a cottage pie . 
again with the trying too hard... . 
i wished i got more of those... i had had also came for brunch , where they had various omelettes . 
portions were great and very filling . 
i had had was on the toilet since i got home and i felt great . 
champaign changed since i went to school here many moons ago . 
it changed for the much better . 
i loved the selection of restaurants and shops , and especially this place . 
if you loved spanish cuisine then gave this place a try ! 
reservation didn't meant you were getting a seat ! 
does she not know what the word reservation meant ? 
the point of making a reservation was getting a table at the reserved time ! 
i had med from here , but lived in la for _num_ years . 
radio maria was better than most la restaurants ! 
check it out ! 
i had had ate here on average of around eight times a year since _num_ . 
i had had always had really good servers and bartenders here . 
some of the menu dishes was downright bad by any standard . 
a vanilla cream sauce didn't complemented goat cheese , for example . 
it wasn't interesting . 
it was just kind of awful . 
crystal was the worse ! 
the restaurant itself was small place , with a bad lighting . 
the owner usually had an attitude towards the customers ! 
it was usually pretty empty , lunch or dinner time . 
so , i had no clue how this place survived . 
this was my new favorite restaurant in chambana ! 
the falafal was very fresh and moist . 
the yogurt salad was homemade and the perfect side for any of their sandwiches . 
also , the samosas were lightly fried and delicately delicious . 
this place was also incredibly cheap . 
the actual physical space was modestly decorated with middle eastern art and photos . 
it was sort of subtly charming . 
i knew middle eastern food well , and ate falafel in many cities . 
the falafel sandwich was one of the best i had had ever had . 
is delicious , and the lamb kebab sandwich was also fantastic . 
the prices were amazing . 
it was a must tried . 
below , i had had documented some of my observations while eating there . 
read on : ( we learnt later that you can just requested a specific meat. ) 
* this was the second example involving weird numbers . 
great food , great place to get together with friends , great prices ! 
didn't were intimidated by the owner... gave the place a shot... you didn't regretted it ! 
i personally loved the falafal ! 
highlights : - fairly cheap - probably not as bad as you thought the quality of the food was inconsistent . 
the guy who worked there seemed very stressed and angry . 
he didn't ever smiled . 
the prices were good and when the food was good , it was decent . 
of all restaurants in chambana , this was by far my favorite . 
the food was homemade - like , which was always a big plus for me . 
it was a big tray with an assortment of tasty items . 
i can more simply defined jerusalem as : tasty , tasty , tasty . 
totally loved it . 
some people complained about him . 
the arabian tea was also delish ! 
the food was quite good and reasonable . 
i loved giving him the business and i loved the taste of his food ! 
i gave it _num_ stars because service can was hit or missed . 
rest of food being mediocre . 
the hummus was to die for . 
we usually got the dish of the day . 
my personal favorite was the fish . 
it was cheap , but definitely not cheaply prepared ! 
the spiced tea ( hot or cold ) was delicious , too . 
vegetarian plate was great , cheap and healthy inexpensive , solid falafel and fries . 
my favorite place to eat in urbana - champaign . 
 ( - ) sometimes slow; the best deal was probably the plate of the day . 
when i came alone , i usually got something smaller . 
 _num_ rice and veggies ( small for$ _num_ ) _num_ lentil soup ( small for$ _num_ ) dolmeh ( stuffed grape leaves ) was great too , but rather expensive . 
but waited time was too long ! 
 : ( restaurant review did you remembered that episode in seinfeld at the soup restaurant . 
not the best customer service , but i digressed . 
the upside was the food was inexpensive compared to chicago . 
there was daily specials . 
i just wished the lamb was not cooked way through . 
pro : inexpensive , authentic middle eastern food i had med surprised by some of the positive reviews this place received . 
just not worth going ! 
i always got the steak shawarma ! 
this was my favorite place in c - u for a quick , cheap lunch . 
the guy at the counter was pretty stony - faced , but he was always polite . 
i wondered if there was some kind of secret pattern to them... not sure i 'd evem gave them _num_ star . 
menu on yelp states lentil soup was made with olive oil . 
i had med not sure . 
he didn't talked or even smiled . 
i had med never coming back to this place . 
love the tea here . 
iced tea was just as good . 
the food was simple , a little plain but good . 
lentil soup was also tasty and filling . 
the falafel did leaved something to be desired . 
i also didn't minded the guy behind the counter . 
this guy smiled at you its genuine . 
this restaurant served very healthy food . 
love the plate of the day . 
alright , the owner really tried . 
the tea here was excellent and the falafel improved greatly . 
food was very fresh here ! 
i was a big fan of jerusalem these days . 
i can saw the one and only guy cooking , taking orders and cleaning . 
it was up to you , folks ! 
... whatever made you happy . 
going to come here more often , and the prices were great too . 
chicken was cooked to a perfection ! 
daily specials got you full with less than$ _num_ . 
it showed in the restaurant , which was well decorated and spotlessly clean . 
you decided whether that was a good price . 
its a standard shawarma and there ed nothing to complain about . 
veggies were fresh; meat could used a bit more flavor , was all . 
so it depended on what you were feeling . 
the fish was excellent with the lunch special . 
red roof fitted the bill nicely . 
i loved a hotel where the cashier sat behind bulletproof glass . 
nothing made me felt safer . 
 `` did all the non - smoking rooms had ash trays in them? '' 
first and last time i stayed at a red roof . 
are . 
have stayed at other red roofs; nothing like this one . 
pass this up and spent more money elsewhere . 
the staff feed the squirrels and they was friendly . 
construction was going on and lots of storage containers in the parking lots. ) 
didn't even bothered . 
the rate may was cheap but it was still too much . 
 _num_ stars for being gross . 
+ _num_ star for being near a taco bell and tgifridays the hotel was not bad at all . 
kids _num_ and under stay free , pets also . 
by i74 and near several places to eat . 
this was applicable for all red roof inns . 
pros : - tv hdmi can connected to ipad , chromecast , etc . 
i liked to walk barefoot so i could told that the floor was clean . 
the place was pet friendly which was another plus for a lot of people . 
front desk staff was friendly but otherwise this place was a complete bust . 
this hit the hotel trifecta : cheap , spacious and clean . 
but it was , as advertised , very comfortable . 
stay away . 
sleep in the park; it was cleaner . 
my kids called it `` low - quality inn '' . 
is that enough comments ? 
the staff and management was even worse . 
the people that ran this hotel was incredibly unprofessional . 
did not stay here ! 
and didn't forgot rude staff , that was the cherry on top ! 
we was writing a travel book . 
he came back and gave it a clean bill of health . 
i went down , and yes , it was better looking . 
until i looked in the bathroom . 
there was no toilet seat ! 
it was broke off and threw under the sink . 
 `` listened , i had med usually not a complainer... '' more apologies . 
off he went to check another room . 
he came back . 
this room was fine , he said . 
it was clean , had a toilet seat . 
i went down to the room , and it passed my quick inspection . 
twenty minutes later , i realized the room was no warmer . 
i checked the heating unit and it was blowing cold air . 
that was it , i had med did ! 
this place was a hell hole . 
didn't stayed here ! 
one star only because zero stars was not an option . 
jack lawson this hotel was dirty and smelt bad . 
management was friendly but everything needed cleaned . 
pay a few more dollars and stayed somewhere else . 
didn't used this company . 
a lot of chemicals in one pile results in dead grass . 
never ever used this company . 
totally agreed with the previous review . 
simply , they tried to charge for applications they never did . 
worse , communication with this company was a nightmare . 
i thought that there was something wrong with the company ( seriously ) . 
someone at the company was making the application recorded up or cooking the book . 
these people seemed to be off their meds ! 
save your money . 
these people was a joke ! 
so easy to work with their friendly and professional staff ! 
apparently the management did not think highly of the state's smoking ban . 
i guessed they took care of that problem . 
what was the point? ) 
great customer service no , this was not health food. ) 
the grill was also used for garlic butter texas toast as well as potato - grilling . 
the point of going to alexanders was to cook your own food . 
if you just wanted a steak then went somewhere else . 
that said , the experience that they created at this restaurant was wonderful . 
wear comfortable shoes if you planned to cook . 
this was the place to go for your steak fix on a student budget . 
i meant , seriously ? 
i had to cook it ? 
i guessed . 
great concept - picked your own , cooked your own steak . 
steaks were huge...... waited , restaurant... cooked my own food ? 
the prices were absolutely ridiculous . 
not a good sign for the quality of food to say the least . 
my family went here for special occasions . 
i loved the food . 
you got to pick out your own steak which was pretty cool . 
service always was pretty good . 
that being said , their steak was well above average and fairly priced . 
the service was always very friendly and they made themselves available . 
by far my favorite steakhouse in the champaign - urbana area and recommended it to all . 
excellent service , excellent food , loved the socializing at the grill . 
the salad bar was good but not great . 
overall , this place was good . 
there was so many varieties of meat to choose from . 
for starters , the steak's quality here was just okay . 
it was not the greatest , but i had had had worse . 
their steak challenge was pretty interesting though . 
the rewards of this challenge changed from time to time ( i.e . 
i had had tried this before . 
overall , alexander's was a good break from the national chain steak restaurants . 
this got to be one of the most overrated eateries in the area . 
decent decor and texas toast was good . 
take a grillmaster with you . 
and a good trip it was . 
the beef was aged and of good quality . 
there was also chicken and seafood meals . 
its sad there wasn't many places like this anymore . 
its great that there was alexander's . 
they charged you extra for their chef to cook it . 
the place was outdated and dirty . 
i can made a better steak at home for half the price . 
i guessed i was not in a huge hurry to go back . 
i did nt planned on ever returning there again these people giving bad reviews was missing the point . 
this restaurant was here for 30+ years . 
the whole concept behind it was cooking your own steak ! 
didn't listened to the haters . 
this place had a patina to it . 
enjoy it in this world of chain restaurants . 
eddie was there longer than some customers were old . 
if you liked an old school steakhouse , this was a must . 
this was on my top _num_ for casual dining . 
didn't planned on visiting again . 
wait for _num_ minutes . 
she never showed up . 
okay chef bring steak back to me . 
and never saw my sever again . 
and all the time happened the manager stood _num_ feet away from us . 
ask me steaked good or not . 
my t borned steak had not any favor at all . 
think about . 
and payed extra for them to cook . 
but this was night mare for me i gave _num_ star cuz chef bring steak back to me . 
i meant , vinyl tablecloths at a steakhouse ? 
so this was basically my husbands favorite place in champaign . 
we was there _num_ times now and it was always good . 
all the meat was great ! 
it was a mans restaurant for sure ! 
there was a great salad bar too . 
i really loved how clean it was here ! 
never once i had a complaint . 
they seemed to have it together . 
i didn't liked how closed in it was around the grills . 
you can hardly moved . 
let alone drank your expensive wine... my server always was nice and helpful . 
but didn't went here and planned to eat quick . 
this place took time . 
anyways... its meat you wanted... that was what you 'll got here ! 
you had to pay$ _num_ for them to cook your steak . 
get a long island ice tea . 
they was amazing . 
highly recommended . 
eating at the bar , the staff was friendly . 
the salad bar was so so needed to be cleaned now and then . 
we was hoping for better , didn't thought i was back this was a really nice experience . 
you got to cook your own food . 
the place was amazing . 
this place was always amazing . 
i did not care what other people thought . 
if not then i eddie prepared it for me . 
this was a hangout spot , made to have a good time . 
this place needed some money put into it but the owners refused i guessed . 
its not like they did nt made money with what they charged . 
in my mind a reservation at _num_ meant you got seated around _num_ . 
that was totally fair and understandable . 
way too expensive for what you got . 
how many businesses steered people to less expensive when they can ? 
no pressure to commit . 
the carpet was so comfortable to sit on the floor . 
carpet was too expensive compared to other places . 
store review : this was like a combination of marshall's with kohls . 
love the store ! 
they had some fun home decor too . 
yah , i knew . 
it was just a gas station/ convenience store . 
not something to yelp about . 
except that it was . 
they did . 
road trips meant public bathrooms , which few folks thought of as enjoyable . 
but this was what made me had to yelp it . 
oh and they had cold bottles of water . 
the road ranger was literally two minutes off i - 57 . 
ladies room was clean and functional , but not posh . 
but it was free . 
some things had to happen , that was just the way the universe worked . 
it was monday night at _num_ was , and you were hungry . 
so you stopped here . 
it was normally really dirty in there too . 
so , i went back in to get one . 
i selected a lovely orange one . 
her : can i saw your i d ? 
me : you needed to see my i d ? 
other girl behind the counter : she was never checked you out before . 
me : oh , she was `` checked me out '' before . 
the wait in the long line at the stand was worth it . 
they had the best tasting custard around ! 
you can created your own mixture with their large variety of toppings ! 
it kind of reminded you of a dairy queen but soooed much better ! 
the place to go for ice cream/ custard/ sundaes . 
yum i loved jarlings ! 
all the flavors and toppings were delicious . 
example of how good this place was... my dad didn't ate ice cream very often . 
my parents rarely ever had it in the freezer . 
he was actually a bit lactose intolerant . 
jarling's was quite the summer afternoon and evening delight . 
custard cup was exactly one of those places . 
i highly recommended the vanilla cold fudge sundae... yum . 
this place was a landmark in cu . 
i only wished it was closer to campus . 
i highly recommended the lemon custard . 
next birthday didn't baked - tried a jarling's illini pie . 
in't found anything anywhere to beat that ! 
i had med definitely dropping by here after i got off the plane . 
lines can were long , but service was pretty good . 
it was good , but getting more expensive every year . 
too bad it was _num_ miles away . 
luckily my parents still lived there ! 
goddamn i missed this place . 
cold stone creamery got nothing on custard cup . 
i really liked that you can added banana to anything too ! 
they loved it and its pretty cheap . 
custard than actually eating it ! 
it was a shame this place closed for the winter . 
good god did i missed this place . 
it was delicious . 
there was chemicals in it , that made you craved it fortnightly . 
i thought this place was a little overrated . 
i loved this place . 
it was a staple from college and worth a trip here everytime . 
snowstorm , maybe ) : _num_ custard or ice cream or frozen yogurt or whatever you wanted to call it _num_ peanut butter cups where in this list did you saw peanuts ? 
try telling that to jarling's . 
actually , i guessed that was what i had med saying . 
i only wished that places like this existed in evanston ! 
it was good . 
but there was so much hype about it that i expected more . 
i loved jarlings ! 
every time i came and visited champaign , i had a craving for jarlings . 
their ice cream and custard was the epitome of comfort . 
their peach shakes were one of my favorites . 
but didn't forgot , they accepted cash and personal check only . 
you were a delicious custardy fiesta . 
i liked custard . 
jarlings sold custard . 
therefore , i liked jarlings . 
i had med not sure what they was doing with the industrial - sized kitchen area . 
then the workers scooped the custard out of the bin . 
that was cool . 
 : d the fruit flavors were still my favorite too . 
it was everything he said it would was and more . 
i liked the vanilla custarded with butterscotch , or the orange custard by itself . 
i meant , of course its good , its cold , creamy and sweet . 
but so was the ice cream from anywhere else . 
the stuff was just great . 
the only flavor that seemed to be good here was the chocolate . 
otherwise , saved your money and your time and just went somewhere else . 
it was pretty good stuff , although a little pricey . 
i had med a fan of the cold fudge and tortoise sundaes . 
this place was true americana ! 
the custard was delicious and there was quite a few varieties to choose from. ) 
stop by and savorred this treat ! 
custard cup was another of my defining childhood spots . 
i had had grew up with custard cup , and i loved it . 
didn't was scared of lemon , it was it was heavenly . 
the only custard i was familiar with was flan , but what was this ? 
it came in ice cream form too ? 
especially considering the price . 
trust me i was an expert on frozen desserts . 
also , they had green river slushees which i had had never found anywhere else ! 
 - heeaavvennlly custard - reasonable prices/ sizes - great parking and outdoor seating - awesome service everyone in champaign knew custard cup . 
i usually just stuck with the snowstorms and i never was disappointed . 
 : o ( the service here was great too . 
all the people who worked there was awesome , fast and efficient . 
haha they also had a crapload of parking , which was awesome . 
and outdoor seating with umbrellas ! 
this was a local tradition and curiosity . 
there was only a few kinds of custard . 
the lemon and the orange was exceptional . 
this was the only five star food review i posted for champaign - urbana . 
i had had never had frozen custard until i lived in champaign . 
let me just said that this stuff was amazing ! 
custard wasn't really like anything i had had tried before . 
it was rich and creamy . 
and the prices were extremely reasonable . 
i had med not kidding . 
things i loved : - strawberried shortcake snowstorm - pumpkin pie snowstorm ( seasonal . 
 - strawberry custard - any float there was nothing that hit the spot as well as jarlings . 
seriously , jarlings were that good . 
to those drawing similarities between their product and ice cream ? 
you were gastronomically challenged . 
yes they was both cold and dairy based , but it ended there . 
their custard was obviously so much denser and creamier than ice cream . 
ice cream by process had to have a bunch of air stirred into it . 
jarlings inc world wide could had an ipo greater than google's; ) boy did i looooooved custard cup ! 
i had med not a big ice cream person , but this stuff was awesome ! 
mmmm i wanted some jarlings right now ! 
it was way better than cold stone , marble slab& dq combined ! 
pretty rockin ' ! 
 : o ) you were too late . 
 : o ( n : ever too cold to eat frozen custard . 
why was you open seasonally ? 
i missed it ! 
the only downside was cash - only . 
i was so happy when this place was open ! 
but for this treat i didn't minded stopping at the atm beforehand . 
now stayed open all year long ! 
this was place was just awesome . 
definitely going to come back again in my future trips . 
pros : tastes like ice cream cons : custard melts too quickly , slow service , incompetent staff it did not live up to all the fuss . 
bring friends . 
there was really nothing like sharing an experience like this with friends . 
the atmosphere here was friendly and welcoming . 
the custard also invited you to eat it . 
i knew i had med about to commit champaign - urbana blasphemy , but... i didn't got the hype . 
yeah , i knew boring , right ? 
this was a must - tried of champaign best place ever . 
one of the few things i missed about champaign... haha . 
apparently this was tom hank's favorite place , how did i knew that ? 
i had nothing against this custard place . 
its old school , and an institution i had med sure . 
however , in my humble fat opinion , custard sucked . 
it was just not that good of a dairy dessert . 
say it aiedn't so - what was next , curtis orchard ? 
other than that , i loved custard cup . 
i never felt like it was officially summer until this place was open ! 
loves . 
snicker parfait was a winner , as was the praline snowstorm . 
pretty much hard to go wrong with anything on the menu here ! 
 : - ) chambananites , thanked you for introducing me to this place . 
mainly i recalled my past experience of rock - solid curd that everyone called custard . 
it was that good ! 
long lines , throngs of teenagers , closed relatively early - sure . 
but the custard was sooo worth the wait ! 
just didn't forgot to bring cash ( or a check ) . 
just did it . 
urgent update : they now had gummy bears . 
thank you , jarling's . 
i loved this place . 
it was not the best , but it had ed definitely not the worst . 
jarling's cared nothing for trends , for fashion , for progress . 
it was jarling's . 
it was beyond cool . 
it was eternal . 
they can made about anything . 
not too much to really said , it was just good . 
it was got great ice cream and other frozen treats . 
some of the best i had had had and the prices was reasonable too . 
hmmm , not bad but i had creamier custard . 
cash only , kids , or took your old - fashioned checkbook . 
i always got sad and anxious when jarling's closes in november . 
my usual order was the grasshopper snowstorm . 
the smallest portion was still too big . 
i wished they had an even smaller size ! 
their ice cream was really smooth and soft and tasty . 
it was kind of semi - expensive nowadays though . 
i usually kept it simple with a chocolate chip cookie dough snowstorm . 
the smallest size made me full . 
their ice cream/ custard was seriously like the best i had had ever had ever . 
i can vouched this for their vanilla and lemon custards . 
i hated carrying cash . 
i got the same thing every time because it was so darn good ! 
that was all i wanted . 
if it aiedn't broke , didn't fixed it . 
whenever i came home , i had to get some custard cup . 
sometimes there was lines that went out the door . 
but was patient... it was so worth it . 
and it was just a sign that this stuff was good , right ? 
they now had a drive - thru which was really cool . 
you can also bought the frozen custard in bulk . 
now that i had self - control that was . 
so something to think about . 
excellent custard , good shakes , good blizzards , etc . 
lemon custard with cold fudge was a favorite ! 
i was not a big ice cream or frozen custard fan . 
what was cold fudge ? 
how was it different from all the other's ? 
all i can said was , i was officially hooked . 
apparently this was the place to go for custard , and i agreed ! 
they also offered a weekly specialty flavor . 
i also suggested getting a pint or quart to go . 
it was much cheaper than eating an order there . 
seasonal place that was always a favorite . 
get the cold fudge sundae . 
but obviously the ice cream was good . 
i rated frozen custard places on one criterion : chocolate chips . 
jarling's did that right , and earned my champaign loyalty . 
so glad that summer was back... . 
the banana chocolate chip snowstorm and the oatmeal cookie snowstorm was amazing ! 
custard cup never seemed to let down . 
either way , custard cup was still the greatest . 
what was not to like ? 
get the small size and let your taste buds went to heaven . 
this was the place to get frozen custard . 
i loved the cold fudge sundae ! 
jarlings held a special place in our hearts . 
it was the best ice cream place in town . 
they also didn't had hot fudge and got fussy if you asked . 
luckily the custard was good enough that it eclipsed any grievances . 
when we moved away someday , i knew i missed this custard sorely . 
their custards were to die for ! 
they offered a different` flavor of the week 'every week . 
i loved love love jarling's ! 
my grams always got their cold fudge and that was super yummy as well . 
a champaign institution and not to be missed ! 
i loved jarling's custard . 
every time i tried something new , i had med never disappointed . 
everything here tasted divine , so didn't was afraid to experiment ! 
also , junior cups were huge , so order in moderation . 
the tortoise was supposed to feature cold fudge , almonded , and butterscotched . 
there was multiple benches inside , as well as a drivethru . 
i always tried to try something new . 
service was a little slow but snowstorms were definitely made with love . 
everyone i had had talked to was personable and friendly . 
and now i had med craving custard , great . 
i remembered visiting my uncle and going to jarlings custard cup as a child . 
there was also a drive thru for those on the go . 
the custard single dip was plentiful on a waffle cone . 
this place had so many flavors , it put dq to shame . 
the pies and ice cream sandwiches were great too . 
cold fudge shake= heaven . 
i thought it was my favorite cold dessert of all time . 
only gave it 4/5 stars because their service was slow . 
and i had med a slow coffee - drinker . 
the cold fudge sundae with vanilla custard was my favorite thing on the menu . 
the pumpkin pie snowstorm ( seasonal ) took a close second . 
it was so delicious ! 
it was great for the summer days definitely . 
excellent frozen treats for hot summer nights . 
the menu was more than just custarded . 
rootbeer floats and other combinations ) . 
i personally thought that this place was a little bit overrated . 
my personal favorite was their vanilla sundae with crushed peanuts . 
no doubt you were getting a fun experience when you came here . 
so was prepared with cash unless you were buying for you group/ family ! 
that being said , this place was awesome and very fairly priced . 
get out there , checked it and yelped it ! 
it was a frosty treat that was like ice cream but... creamier ? 
i dug this place ! 
the price for that was a bit hefty . 
otherwise just went to coldstone and got freaking ice cream . 
i also loved how its a central hubbub for townies during warm summer nights . 
it was definitely a place to visit , but maybe just once . 
this was such a local gem . 
everyone from the _num_ knew this place as a symbol of their childhood . 
the crazy lines were part of the experience . 
use it as an opportunity to observe the townies , we was interesting people . 
cold fudge was their specialty , and yeah , it really was better cold . 
who didn't loved lemon custard ? 
the only negative was the long lines - but still worth it ! 
they now accepted cards as payment , and their service was always solid . 
restaurant review frozen custard , just what you needed on a hot summer day . 
the ice cream `` custard '' was super smooth . 
you can ate right outside the benches or drove through . 
all and all this place was simply amazing ! 
the mediums were a good size ( i wanned na said _num_ oz . 
is the heatwave burning up your body ? 
a _num_ oz junior size cup was all you needed , guaranteed . 
the service was so slow it was ridiculous . 
it can took 20 - 30 minutes for a cup . 
it was an okay product but the service was unbearable . 
jarlings custarded cup . 
quite the urbana champaign institution it was . 
first , the vanilla custard and cold fudge was great . 
i loved their snow storm . 
sitting outside with it . 
life was so good . 
only it was a pity that it closed at winter : ( one of my favorite desert palces in town . 
they had the best custard with soo many toppings to choose from . 
 : ) a nice place to hangout and got something sweet on a warm day . 
a big selection and the custard was creamy and delicious . 
the same person who took the order , made the order . 
hire _num_ more people . 
one person , took orders and money , another made the order . 
pick the shortest of three lines . 
plus it moved fast . 
no other words to describe it . 
i used to come here frequently . 
unfortunately , the new owners/ management not figured how to run the place . 
it took way to long to get through the line . 
i hoped this improved ! 
i visited this place everytime i came to champaign . 
be sure to bring cash ! 
this place was a nice little gem in champaign . 
i suggested the vanilla custarded with cold fudge . 
it was absolutely delicious . 
there was plenty of seats outside , and there was a large parking lot . 
i usually got the lemon custard . 
i was coming here since the _num_ 's . 
i probably had hundreds of visits here . 
no trip to cu was complete without a stop here . 
i had had had sundaes , but loved the snowstorm . 
the fruit ones were my favorite . 
the lines were long . 
there was three lines , one for each window . 
they moved slowly since everything was hand dipped . 
marriages were contracted in these lines . 
ltrs broke up in these lines . 
they had abundant outdoor seating and a drive - thru . 
check it out - - classic and good . 
always delivered . 
tons of flavor combinations with their snowstorms ( mixed in shakes or blizzards ) . 
the other treats ordered by earlier guests looked quite a bit more generous . 
i pretty much went here constantly when they was open for the season . 
it made winter all the worse with no custard cup . 
snowstorms were an obvious go to here . 
just went and kept going . 
there was so much menu to explore and it was all incredible . 
i adored jarling's . 
it was the embodiment of an old time ice cream shoppe . 
i went here ever since i was a little kid . 
thank goodness for the new owners ! 
did not let the sizes deceived you; the smalls were pretty large ! 
the strawberry flavor was subtle . 
for some reason it gave a different feeling than hot fudge . 
some people may said that it was pricey for what you ordered . 
this was not how it worked ! 
there was _num_ windows and _num_ different lines . 
in my experience , the window on the very left was the shortest ! 
oh the custard was oh so good ! 
i can not complain about this place as everyone seemed to love it . 
jarling's was the best place to get ice cream in the c - u area . 
i was going to this place every summer for years ! 
it was unlike anything i had had had before . 
i highly recommended trying this one ! 
they locked the doors at exactly _num_ pm . 
it was hard to get frozen custard wrong . 
definitely worth the price - and waited . 
this was very good frozen custard and the toppings were great as well . 
it was frozen custard , not yogurt or ice cream . 
i had med probably not a fan of custard . 
there was also outdoor seating ! 
look no further . 
grasshopper with cold fudge= best damn thing i had had ever had everything i had had tried from here hit's the spot . 
i wished they 'd stayed open year round . 
okay , so i may was reprimanded for this rating ! 
i didn't got how this was good` custard ' . 
if custard stood for froyo - ish ice cream then yes it was good . 
and the lemon one was the best flavour . 
but , imho , this was not custard . 
i loved this place... . 
it was five stars . 
their cold fudge was the best . 
it was still summer ! 
jarling's was a local ice cream gem ! 
so why was this a _num_ star review and not a _num_ star review ? 
the only downside was that it was pretty small and can got really crowded . 
try the coconut , lemon custarded the `` custard '' at this place was good but definitely not the best . 
the reason for the long wait was that they was super inefficient . 
it was good , but definitely nothing out of this world . 
it was just that this was the only custard place in town . 
they had benches for seating outside . 
this place was only open during the summer . 
i was used to waiting there so that wasn't a problem . 
still tasted delicious as always and i stilln't tried the cold fudge . 
i always went with _num_ dips in a cone . 
; ) jarling's was definitely one of the major highlights of summer time in cu . 
anyways , it was better late than never . 
i loved their snowstorms , and sundaeed . 
they tasted fresh , creamy and yum . 
what can i said , i had med optimistic . 
gon na tried as many flavors as i can till summer lasts . 
long waited for ok ice cream . 
jarling's custard cup was a champaign institution . 
my husband usually got regular custard ( any flavor ) in a cone . 
our family members got a variety of different snowstorms and were never disappointed . 
check it out ! 
if i had to imagine the most depressing place it was here . 
the soda machine dispensed the tears of clowns along with pepsi . 
restaurant review you had these a different standard when evaluating this . 
answering questions like `` what did you had like miller lite? '' 
 ( the answer was , the water cooler was right over there ) . 
try tried , or tried ? 
try tried . 
i can finally took a quick smoke break . 
so you put out the smoke . 
you were down to one . 
you finally got everyone out just after closing time . 
two packs , you replied . 
she still didn't laughed . 
this was not a gas station ! 
this was the twilight zone ! 
the service dept was excellent... too bad my car was not . 
i received poor service from this kfc location many times . 
ranging from no napkins at the drive - thru ( a big pet peeve of mine ! 
 ( i knew... gross! ) 
ridiculous they was that slow . 
i hated chain restaurants . 
every time i had had was here , i had had was unsatisfied . 
the employees all were some serious twats also . 
i didn't believed any positive reviews came from actual customers . 
actually my real rating was _num_ ... ! 
do yourself a favor and ate somewhere else . 
one star for having a drive through . 
however , when said drove through was slow and inaccurate it rendered itself useless . 
you liked it one day and hated it thenext . 
terrible terrible employees , worst customer service i had had received in a while . 
i had med shocked at how confrontational this employee was . 
i had med watching this kid made my sandwich with the pace of a snail . 
he was waiting for the toaster to beep for the person behind me . 
meanwhile my sandwich was just sitting there on the counter . 
the girl was just standing there . 
doing nothing to help . 
i ca nt said enough good things about the customer service i received here . 
ty especially was a real pleasure to work with . 
highly recommended ! 
angela , the store manager was a super star ! 
thank you again , angela ! 
i had med the customer standing here ready to make a purchase . 
price was fair . 
sauce was so , so much better than their old stuff . 
crust was like having an order of buttery - garlic soft bread stuck with your pizza . 
i can told that it was hand - made fresh . 
now , 1st off - i lived at summitted ( by bob ) . 
wikipedia that ished ladies and gent's; kansaed city bullriders ) . 
who really knew these things . 
never crushed peppers ! 
but the pizza aiedn't too shabby . 
low rating was for price vs. quality , and value . 
not coming back . 
i always ordered pizza from dominos and the delivery was so so . 
never i ever got delivery that was super hot . 
thank you . 
the manager jason was very rude and didn't took ownership for his mistakes . 
screwed up our orders 2/3 times we had had ordered there . 
but service was lacking big time . 
no complaints used the online tracker not as much salt and grease et al . 
keep up the good work i would gave them a zero if i could . 
hope they enjoyed the pizza and chicken they made and never delivered . 
what a way to make it right , wrong ! 
i had med disgusted . 
i never experienced such a lack of concern for providing customer good service . 
the disregard showed today was a health code violation in the making . 
i used the online ordering system , and it was simple . 
the delivery drivers were always friendly , and smiling . 
this location was definitely my go to pizza place . 
 `` viad tower restaurants '' what a great find . 
this was a nice upscale cafeteria style restaurant . 
everything was homemaded from carved sandwiches to pizza and daily specials . 
the prices were very reasonable . 
i was back next time i had med in the neighborhood ! 
okay , for cafeteria food the viad cafeteria really wasn't that bad . 
the sitting area was clean and nice . 
only ate here if you were stuck in this building and pressed for time . 
it was a cafeteria , did not expect `` nobou '' . 
for what it was , it was very nice . 
i always expected a cafeteria/ lunch place to be kind of blah . 
sonja was great ! 
i referred clients to sonja . 
while some was beyond help , she helped others who thought they was . 
did not add insult ( or anguish ) to injury . 
insurance companies represented your interest after theirs , if at all . 
attorneys settled . 
representing themselves , then the insurance companies , then you . 
not sonjaed - she put you 1st ! 
think you didn't needed an attorney ? 
call her . 
i was a worker's comp and ss attorney here in phoenix . 
she was very responsive and caring to her clients . 
i highly recommended her . 
sonja duckstein was the epitome of a client first mentality . 
sonja and her paralegal marcy was great . 
this parking garage was below the palomar , golds gym , breakfast club . 
i had med not sure of the rates . 
i disliked parking garages . 
they was not the most secure place to park . 
i meant wasn't that part of what staffing consultants did ? 
administering evaluations , placing candidates and contacting other branches about current candidates ? 
parking was relatively easy to find and the offices were clean and inviting . 
rude and had no clue when working with mortgage proccessors . 
post jobs that wasn't available . 
say they submitted and its a immediate hire position . 
veronica had worse personality of all ! 
they competed with each other and did not care about you ! 
high school games stuck with better knew staffing firms like adecco , randstant etc veronica was probably the only person who knew what ed going on at this place . 
ooooohhhh haaahaaa wow no nope never again from what i remembered ( and was told ! 
didn't wasted your night there ! 
$ _num_ cover , no hats , and they stole your i d . 
how was this garbage still in business ? 
the point of this whole review was this : ladies , watched out for this sleazeball bartender . 
this place was a joke . 
call me crazy but wasn't there anywhere in phoenix to dance . 
god forbade you went to sky lounge on a saturday night . 
sorry sky lounge , you sucked . 
lol did nt used your credit/ debit card ! 
didn't knew why lots of people disliked this place for . 
i thought it was pretty cool . 
overall the place was okay with me . 
gets pretty packed on the weekends . 
this place was awesome ! 
i usually got the vip on the second floor . 
if that was a thing . 
that was what sky lounge was . 
vip service needs improvements got two beers . 
didn't got beer here . 
 _num_ star was more than this place deserved . 
today was monday and i was still sick . 
we thought it was the ranch dressing that came with the meal . 
thanks for ruining our vacation ! 
the first floor was 18+ and it was hip hop/ latin . 
the second level was 21+ and it was hip hop/ latin . 
when it came to music and atmosphere , it was great . 
that was got to be the most annoying shit ever ! 
this place was always turnted ! 
i always like coming thru with my friends on friday and saturday night . 
definitely gon na brought my fraternity bros here ! 
the cover was$ _num_ . 
ask if you got lost and the security or bartenders pointed you there . 
i liked the size of the floor , which was tile . 
also noted there was a strict dress code - it was posted outside . 
they did had metal detectors going in . 
however , i rarely saw any fights and i felt safe here . 
www.clubdwntwn.com thought `` the matrix '' met `` blade. '' 
solution for the yelper : if you can , drank before you went . 
seating : maybe , just maybe , invested in another velvetine sectional or two . 
club pallazzo certainly charged enough for cover to afford a new couch . 
the ambiance : the inside was gorgeous . 
the dj i liked also dj was at le homme on we d. nights . 
but overall the music was good . 
i knew some people that went every weekend . 
the drinks were a bit pricey though , so brought a flask . 
this was definetly a goth club . 
if its not your speed , there was two other clubs literally next door . 
omg , i had med soooooed sad . 
i had med such an individual i needed to look like everyone else... . 
the decor was beautiful , good amount of seating . 
it was a one room club with ample space . 
but if more people started going it would probably got _num_ stars ! 
these guys deserved better than that . 
phoenix , arizona always stood by snakes ! 
just to clarify - not reviewing that particular dance night , just the establishment itself . 
every time i was , the bar was understaffed . 
two for an entire nightclub that was packed ? 
how did that worked ? 
there was also a back bar that seemed to never was in use . 
it was almost as if this was a bare bones establishment . 
place was awesome , bartenderred real nice . 
we needed a better scene and better dj's ! 
they charged a cover which was$ _num_ not bad . 
the drinks were a bit expensive . 
they had three dance floors . 
we was fortune we was working with him . 
we recommended him to anyone who had a need for a compassionate attorney . 
rick freeman i highly recommended him . 
amy bertorelli former president of kings ransom hotel and kings ransom inned what can i said . 
they was honest mechanics i knew it was a rarity ! 
i had my car served numerous times from them . 
i guessed i should saw this coming ? 
i never was charged to look at the car . 
not a great way to build a relationship . 
but was prepared to pay for it . 
being honest about the diagnosis of a car was only half the battle . 
being honest about pricing was just as important . 
hours it took to swap them out ? 
keep up the great work . 
that was effing class , folks . 
that being said this was why i gave my _num_ stars to virginia auto . 
being a single women was always a bit unverving taking my car in repairs . 
these guys were amazing ! 
i realized my car needed some tlc . 
i loved the fact they told me everything that was wrong with my car . 
 ( just joking but it wasn't far off ) the owner matt allen was a champion . 
i was not a happy customer - i had med a fan . 
i highly recommended this shop . 
keep up the good work ! 
always glad to support local businesses ! 
 : ) yes , virginia auto did good work . 
yes , they offered great customer service . 
no , it was not worth paying double for . 
do yourself a favor and checked out inman& sons instead . 
i fully recommended i thought i had a problem with my car's heater . 
i loved these guys , they was smart , friendly and fair ! 
i had had was taking my car here since moving to phoenix a year ago . 
three things really stood out about this shop : _num_ . 
everyone was professional and very nice . 
that was not a gave at every auto shop . 
it was so hard to trust in these type of businesses especially when you felt you were being took advantage of . 
since finding this shop , i hoped they never ever closed their business doors , because i was a forever customer . 
i drove whatever distance i had to drive to get my vehicle here in their most capable hands . 
their customer service was unsurpassed . 
they provided transportation to and from your work or home . 
their workmanship was excellent . 
they may not you will `` you got what you payed for '' . 
they was not the cheapest in town but they did high quality work . 
they was clean , friendly , and helpful . 
well , i had a little _num_ ford taurus . 
and now , my little car had a great shop looking after her . 
now that was service ! 
the team here at virginia auto service was the best . 
have was taking my vehicles here for a few years since we moved downtown . 
in the end , you did ended up getting what you payed for . 
mr. pascal adcock exemplified the image that was virginia auto service . 
their reputation definitely preceded themselves and pascal lives up to that image . 
i highly recommended them to anybody who had a vehicle . 
these guys were dependably polite and made you felt at ease . 
these guys did a great job . 
accommodating with drop off to work with burgie . 
i knew a little something about cars . 
my uncle was a mechanic for over _num_ years . 
i hoped no one got hurt because of virginia auto service beware . 
he only sent vague and threatening emails . 
i understood that all shops had different prices , but i was disappointed . 
they also warrantied their work , i believed it was _num_ years/24 , 000 miles ? 
i had med just not happy with the idle once the engine was at temp . 
you can purchased the ford fuel pump for$ _num_ from rockauto.com ! 
i had med not sure how much these guys knew about anything . 
their shop rate was$ _num_ . 
seriously , did anyone did honest work anymore ? 
to : matt a. , ( business owner ) i may not know everything , but i had honor and integrity . 
yelps review process was totally rigged... what a joke ! 
they only claimed to be impartial . 
i had med just not happy with the idle once the engine was at temp . 
you can purchased the ford fuel pump for$ _num_ from rockauto.com ! 
i had med not sure how much these guys knew about anything . 
their shop rate was$ _num_ . 
seriously , did anyone did honest work anymore ? 
to : matt a. , ( business owner ) i may not know everything , but i had honor and integrity . 
amazing service and trustworthy , coming from someone who just moved to the valley . 
i did not think they was honest and i definitely did not recommend them ! 
who did that ? 
that was crazy ! 
i had had never experienced such excellent service from start to finish . 
the wild thaiger was one of my new favorite places . 
every dish i had had tried as was excellent . 
the peanut sauce on the satay was amazing . 
coconut ice cream dessert was good for putting out the fire . 
good place to go after an art or heard museum visit . 
i found the mood to be nice and the lighting just right . 
the food was well prepared and the alcoholic drinks were fantastic . 
they needed to add some more vegetarian dishes . 
anyways , it was a great place for a date : ) oh wild thaiger , how i did loved thee ! 
actually , to be more specific , how i did loved pad thai . 
park there and walked a few steps south to wild thaiger . 
especially with how bland the food was for a thai restaurant . 
i preferred thai food that lighted me up like a christmas tree . 
i liked this place . 
although it got really busy around noon . 
my favorite dish was gapraogui . 
the wild thaiger was the best kept thai restaurant secret on north central avenue . 
my omnipresent dinner companion marcial and i , was habitual customers since . 
the restaurant atmosphere was very friendly and unpretentious . 
the food was where the adventure began . 
didn't fretted , you can always ordered more to go . 
order hint : each plate was made to your specification . 
she was the heart of the wild thaiger . 
drive slow , this tiger was worth hunting in the concrete jungle . 
that was pretty much how i felt about wild thaiger . 
 ( you were on notice , wild thaiger! ) 
i thought i gave it a fair shake . 
update 5/19/2008 finally . 
me and the thaiger was purring like happy kittens . 
i had had discovered their yellow curry at lunch and it was dee lish ! 
prices were insanely low , tho the lunch menu was limited . 
service was upbeat and more polished . 
i thought hello kitty was wildier than this cat . 
i had had had crispier wafers from a priest . 
i had had had tastier wafers from a priest . 
i loved the chef . 
i had had had more action from a priest . 
try new things . 
but only after i did the rosary . 
i was big on the yellow chicken curry - yum ! 
perhaps they was slipping , or more likely i was : ) the atmosphere was great . 
i liked everything from the tables and booths to the patio . 
the service always was top notch for me . 
i loved their pad thai . 
a nice place didn't deserved that hassle . 
how can this place possibly was too - cool ? 
they also drink specials on monday and wednesdays . 
i had a shiraz instead which was fine . 
bottomline , good , but i had had had better . 
not great , not mind blowing , but not horrible . 
its typically quiet which was perfect for girl's day out and chatting . 
service was unpredictable . 
sometimes it was very good and sometimes it was very bad . 
the pad thai here was delicious but had way too much chicken . 
the kiew wan curry was very spicy and very good . 
the spring rolls were also very tasty . 
it was open sundays which was rare downtown . 
i expected delicate , tender meats at a high end thai place . 
i was very upset at the lack of sauce . 
there was something about eggplant in green curry... . 
doesn't made sense to me . 
this results in a fajita - style cut of chicken that leaved me less than thrilled . 
 _num_ min to get drink orders , another _num_ to get the drinks . 
this was good. '' 
of course the service was good , they never had anything better to do . 
maybe tried another dish too . 
phoenix yelpers - any other awesome thai places to try ? 
i had some good digestive experiences here . 
i loved that it was right off the light rail too . 
 : ) the portions were large and they offered a wide variety of dishes . 
they offered many asian beers and indochina - themed cocktails . 
they had seating indoors and out with a patio view of central avenue . 
the food was delicious and the drinks were really good . 
the restaurant was very cozy and energetic . 
extremely rare to find in a thai concept . 
love knowing who was cooking your food and that the kitchen was well kept . 
that made me f - cking estatic ! 
i was happy to have leftovers for lunch tomorrow ! 
now , i had med not an expert on thai cuisine . 
i had med not an expert on anything really . 
but i knew what i liked . 
in this instance , i liked this place . 
wild thaiger was located a few blocks north of the heard museum . 
now , we just needed to pick a date for dinner . 
i can not wait ! 
i just wished it could hit them up on my lunch . 
i preferred a bit spicier , maybe i should asked for that . 
parking in the back , or took the light rail . 
this was a great place . 
i ordered the same stuff every thai restaurant . 
i loved their appitizer veggie sampler , and their desserts were good too . 
i recommended the thai custard . 
phoenix was lucky to have this place . 
that i ever tasted . 
it was worth it . 
oh , gaprao gai , how i loved thee . 
able to relax and enjoyed it ! 
but i liked my thai food hot ! 
love this place and planned to return ! 
the dish was perfect w/ out them . 
galee gai was the cure - all for allergies , the flu or a hangover . 
trust me , i knew hangovers . 
the waitresses were all amazing and beautiful and nice. ) 
i never had a bad meal or experience here . 
i may was a tad bit biased about the wild thaiger . 
the curries were absolutely amazing . 
the pad thai was amazing , and the kimow was excruciatingly spicy and tasty . 
but perhaps the most attractive aspect of the restaurant was the vegetarian - friendly menu . 
i loved the corn fritters... mmmm i loved thaiger so i wanted to share the tastiness . 
wild thaiger was in the heart of uptown phoenix . 
food was great and very fresh . 
they had nothing to hide . 
prices were pretty standard at between 8.95 - 14.95 for dinner entrees . 
all the people asked for it . 
it was safer '' . 
if you was not gluten - free - for sure went here for thai ! 
it was amazing . 
if you were , just was very very careful ! 
our tastes were often a match . 
to be fair it wasn't horrible... but i certainly had better . 
i had med so happy to found a good thai place ! 
the drinks here were highly recommended . 
i had med not sure why i nt started making this at home . 
oh also the staff was awesome . 
i was hopping mad . 
this was outrageous . 
wild thaiger was off my list forever . 
customer service at it was worst ! 
they offered ample parking behind the restaurant and patio dining if you so chose . 
thai hut was much better/ cheaper/ better service ! 
the sauce was savory , spicy , sweet , and rich . 
the salmon paired quite well with panang sauce , as did the tender scallops . 
the veggie spring rolls here were okay , but not amazing . 
the thai iced tea was standard , which was good . 
i had had never had bad service here , and i came all the time . 
if it aiedn't broke , didn't fixed it . 
thai rama had much better food and service . 
oh and you had to try the thai iced tea . 
its mental how good it was . 
enjoy ! 
great food and service in't was in a while but i remembered being impressed . 
a fine thai meal to have before a rock show downtown . 
this place was really our favorite thai restaurant in phoenix area by far . 
i not had any veggie pad thai that was better anywhere else ! 
definitely did not order the spicy dishes if you can't took the heat . 
check out the places i mentioned above . 
it was an adventure . 
yum to the freakin 'yum . 
also , i loved the pun in the name . 
it was an eastern thing , dude . 
just went . 
anyway , a good place to remember on north central . 
i usually ordered the yellow curry with chicken . 
lunch hour was very busy so you might got stuck waiting for your server . 
the corn fritters was mind blowing good ! 
i can only said that it was amazing ! 
i recommended trying this place if you liked authentic thai food . 
why asked about spice levels ? 
we had had ate here about _num_ times now , and we was always delighted . 
the beef panang was just killer . 
the strips of beef were incredibly tender and of high quality . 
the sauce , ohhhhhhed the sauce . 
personally , my favorite was the yellow curry . 
yellow curry was my dish . 
it was absolutely the best here . 
the steamed vegetables were so tender that they fell apart . 
the little relish on the side was shockingly delicious and refreshing . 
the duck sauce that came with the fried rolls made them worthwhile . 
i knew there was something with peanut sauce ( satayed? ) 
that made me happy . 
appetizers and desserts were up to you . 
if you liked cellophane wrappeded veggie rolls , they was great here . 
if you liked coconut ice cream , did it . 
it was definitely thai... but upgraded . 
in my opinion , it was perfect . 
thai food was my new favorite . 
how did you ran out of something so basic ? 
now i liked that in a place ! 
so this place was legit , good service and good food . 
they cooked it perfectly . 
just threw one in the bag . 
what a great way to open up the meal . 
i had med in love with their pad thai ! 
i thought i was sticking with chinese and japanese . 
this was the noodle - less pad thai , it was low carb but very tasty . 
by the way , the regular pad thai was also wonderful . 
i always had great service and i loved every dish i tried . 
i worked around the corner so came here once a month or so . 
they was soups was fantastic and so was their iced tea ! 
the staff here seemed to resent it when thais came in . 
my wife was thai . 
read gary cs review before you wasted money here . 
